You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to seem like a scientist.
I can dress up as a farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer either.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and editors.
And you know that a general epiphany is something that fell into some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an editor.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bourner.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in St. Oxford where I was the rare of the class.
I was blown up to blood every week in the bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the Port Portugal who said, "I need to see.
I'm destined that of adults we never get to know.
You could go to Ohio and please bring that guy who I know you have already found.
And I should tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to get bored with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Charleston.
We went to see her, we said, we cried and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found him a place, we got it, and we took it, and we took care of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to know, he became a chair box and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle was closed, had turned into a circle -- and that epiphany that told them was made in itself.
The editorial is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved the one.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy to be talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first tanks.
I was amazed.
My heart quickly was strong, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The triangles all around me get out of the water almost 60 meters. And I couldn't think that it was a little bit of snow on another snow of snow year after year.
The triangles are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break out the ice barriers.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to give up and get away up to the end, whereas others can't be superintended more and fall into a dramatic passion train.
It's easy to think, when you see a trial, that are self-interested and alone, in great measure as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But the reality is the whole opposite.
As a trial goes down, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As a trian strengthen releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I approached these triangles as if it was about the portraits.
It's not death when it melted down, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the textiles that I photograph is very young, it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a trial that I photographed in Chicago, Greenland.
It's a little bit really often to actually get a round trial.
Here you go.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, starting to roll down, the boat has moved on the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a grandmother of Greenland, of average size.
Sure of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is real time.
And so the texting, the iceberg shows a different side of their personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of a concern a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joined the X chromosome of the volunteer.
And in the other case, the X-ray chromosome joined the X chromosome of the volunteer.
They both stop and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my ground activity I would have two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm historian for training, and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- and to say, of human bodies and animals, how have the body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I put in my work is the activist of activist -- as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes, self-interest of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with similar twins, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with entities, so much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with advertisement, individuals whose physical tablet doesn't fit in male skeletons and conventional feminine forms.
In general lines, we can call it interconnectedness.
Interestingly interconnected many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't get encouraged in male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with the construction base of the Charles whose Sen Sen of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the front life, which will become testimonistic.
And then, in the deep life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When I was born, the baby is like a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And it's often not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sentences, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is going on.
And after making it tests realize that instead of having oceans and uterus actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called subtle glamourth.
They're in the back of the body.
Super-sense glands produce agriculture, the hormone of magical machine.
Most women like me consider a typical woman, don't know their criminal structure, I think being a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to the agents.
We produce alternatives and respond to the agents.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the agents that the woman who was born with testicles that have the syndrome of infection to the agents.
That's why sex is complicated. It's not that the interpretations are in the middle of the spectrum, in a certain way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you know, I had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a kid and just found that he had obstacles and third.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a super-sense hypothetical hospital.
He had 20th chromosomes and in the uterus of substantial glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were malarial, their brain was exposed to the typical hormone component typically male.
I was born with a child, no one shows anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal mental, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was women inside.
Well, another example of a case of interception.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as thousands, which is to say, they have a criminal tissue wrapped in the residential tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are engineers, symphony twins, or intensive, are supposed to be serious surgeries not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that they are being used to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, surely, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
Highly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have trouble with the categories.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuality.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people inside one body.
The latest recent case is last year with the South African running Carnegie Semania, he was put in the rainforest of his sex in the Berner International games.
A lot of reporters called to ask, "What are you going to do to do if California Simon is man or woman?"
And I had to explain to journalists that there is not such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't make a strong line between men and women or between men and interventions and women and interventions, and we are us who we do that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more science we go forward, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we think were stable assistant categories that are directly correlated with stable catastrophic categories -- are much more difficult than we think.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows me.
As we see, we get into a strand ground.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we have to do from the fact that they are in just a few clinics?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simple categories that we manage is probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment from which a body gets human, and it has different rights to the fish.
There are very accumulated discussions today -- not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to vote with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if she moved still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving through it.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma of really determining somebody's death, and this puts us into a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this categories of categories could push someone like me.
In politics I'm progressively, I define people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I think these categories are much more unstable.
I think of the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a service of the Funding Facebooks.
I know they were racist -- they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and all and so radical in what they did, that I find myself every so much to see that cornurate music "Company, and not for the music, which is totally particularly.
This is what happened in 1777 with the Funding parents.
The Financial parents were, for me, the first activist activists and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what we rejected our Financial parents was the idea of monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monkeys didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of the birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was coming to the black right to the father and then the son, etc.
The Financial parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were going to be part of an illustration system that they were wasting two things.
He was wasting democracy and at the same time born science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the Facebook Foundation, that many of them were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were discussing the supernatural explanations and then they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a vague idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence -- talk about nature and God from nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And as a result, we were transforming the idea of anatomical competition.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future movement of the Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women trained.
Then I came up with the Civil Rights movement with people from the Sharin Tree, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the banks of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color that would take an anatomical coincidence on the anatomic difference -- and again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the Discrimination movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the contemporary we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should give up to the anatomy of anatomy.
I don't mean that five years old were allowed to be allowed to have sex relationships or managed.
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense that I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two questions at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both concentrations in 1970 exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary, was born three months before time, October 1, 1980.
Henry on the contrary, he was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary was facing all the rights three months before Henry -- right to the sexual consent -- the right to the vote, the right to drink the right?
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born afterwards.
We found other rights in relation to their rights.
Henches, in virtue of being considered a man -- well I haven't told you whether it's XL: In virtue of being considered men now is passive of the mandatory pollination that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, if you don't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still persist analytical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science will move so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could be destroyed it?
I don't want to give up the science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escape.
Where are we going to go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to make the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people have been trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have a chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't make the tests critical to people.
But this is also very strange by the story that I told you at the beginning of the synthesizer of infection to the agents.
If we looked at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "You have to listen, offers a solution.
He says that we should judge people "sense not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their capita, going beyond the anatomy beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good."
But in practice, how does it go?
How do you judge people based on the content of their career?
I also want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guide people right to the people, because I have to admit that I know about some of the social services that are likely to deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some parasits that I know can make more information, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the carbon content.
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance basis.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to continue to take this current thinking about the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian man that a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to be able to make a sex change, where case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to a couple years ago that he had done to give light twins and then separate them and then take their fame out.
But when the phone asked him the role of the operation -- a very risky operation, I said that in that other country, these kids would be very malleable, and so I had to do it.
I say, "Well, have you considered the political asylum instead of general separation?
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forced to change for the good.
So I think we need to be on the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had higher participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic tables, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interconnection, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about the conservative studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take them out of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the lobby, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- and I was considered feminist -- like now, made me a strange plan.
"Tell me what the feminist has female."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've heard.
Feminism has to do with supplies the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism.
But the more I've thought about in their question, the more it has seemed like there's something female in the female.
That is, there might be something -- on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very encouraged to find a way to protect people in part of the state, it is possible that, of adding more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with registered support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy -- thinking less about the individual body, in terms of identity and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, let's think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where you want to go live and work, have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract them.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to receive them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they go much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine half the people who wanted to live in apartments were already property and that at the other half still was missing to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make self-destructions in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the cosmos and the disasters of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those self-destruction.
But they could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that place made the building instead of putting it into the battle.
So I proposed that governments to create new reflection zones big enough to keep cities and give them a name, the cities under status.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Janes and Amazon were thinking about the challenge of reflecting Hongbels.
They knew that every year about 75,000 holes would go out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Haiti went through a democratic constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pole Law was supported by self-interested with a platform in which he promised reforms and at the same time.
He asked Amazon to be his boss of garden.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDTalks.
Through a process of reserves, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those norms that say you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies like rules to progress, and usually these are the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's do this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we got together in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than its monetary cost.
And I use this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York City, the sentences, which in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause -- he said, "And maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalks Talk."
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a lower city is a place where you start with disaster terrain -- a state that specifies the rules that are going to apply and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honduras. I called me, and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our advanced country.
He asked me to go to Tennessee and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Density, and the white line is the new airport that's built in Densi.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the honors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
All the world.
The public faces were very serious and attacked.
The leader leader approached the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer.
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essential thing, that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be able to be in Hong -- instead of hundreds of miles away, north north.
And they also include new choices for leaders.
Because the government government leaders needed help from the government of Hong countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the status so that they could all trust the status that the status was effectively completed.
We went and we saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily catch about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to start his Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow us to create these special development regions.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional invention was 120 to one.
All the parties, all the facilities in society, the response.
To include the Constant, you have to approve twice in Congress.
On February 17 again in another vote.
Immediately after the vote. From 21 to 24, a delegation of about 30 honest honest was to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything that you see there was built in four years, after four years get permission for four years.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the farmers to come, and then they would be allowed to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allow her Supreme Court to be the ultimate training court for this new court system.
There are urban and building buildings that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free commercial zone, and there are many people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to get a job, sometimes they're solar mothers who have to earn the money for just to eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even children trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Hong Homosectories."
Or build a dozen of these or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it look like to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new resistance?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my senior friends asked me to say, "Thank TED This Test."
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- and it is that I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog art and addressed them, colorful and different for each other.
But I bought anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of bombsight markets and second hand.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce my impact in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know international people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it into my personal quest of tests.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
will it be my talent.
Am I going to like color.
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my journey, I want to tell you what I did for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you do with someone who has all that room?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven base pairs inside and nothing else.
It was inside for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after I get here to Palm Serges.
And because they don't know me as the woman walking on the internal TED --  -- that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the ones for this week.
Isn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is what I call a brilliant tiger tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost always see penguin for less than 50 dollars.
All of the thing, including the jacket, I got 55 percent, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Fund, color is energy.
It's almost physical impossible to be bad humor, when you're looking at a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars." The integration is superior.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to integrate it.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, not just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Looks, the kid of the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play disasters, or I remember their seven-year-old little year.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you."
Journalis: trust is key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good at something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inside and outside you don't look at you you can't attract them.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Video: A universal truth six words for you? The debt letters go with everything.
And finally, Sarah." It will develop a personal and unique way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week, just for what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you need to leave certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and bright suit, if there's a little bit of love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we would use a scale to measure every single hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these extreme extremes, but I think for most of the intelligents of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a great deal in both of both the same time at the same time.
It's not that they are mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most other experienced photosynthesis -- we need quite a lot of logic to be able to concentrate these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We tend to play with them, and then we see how they react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Some intuition that you can have developed over the years is that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't have been born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do very good, he always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson, and that is that the big things don't allow the standards, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- as they can go through walls or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they call it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point it was the physics a few years ago, they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But it didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That doesn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
That is, no one saw a particles.
But it doesn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, so it shouldn't be all the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I felt much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why some years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the kind of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And I'm going to scale you here a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a very big approach to the little metal trip.
What we see is a little bit of metal and the form of tribes and survived on a platform.
And so I did this almost the same way that a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this order in a form of reliability pilot that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superstar, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on a full full of people.
I mean, when I'm on an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up to do those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or actually shake.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that I call it and the wind that happens next and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to spread all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights out, then we introduced an automatic and we extract all the air and then plug it into a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being only on the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act like it.
So we measured their movements.
We found that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way I was vibrating was like a breathing in this form -- like a fire that would expand and contract.
And by giving a soft piece, we were able to do it that I don't see at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is vibrating and doesn't vibrate at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, all of the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are ready, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instincts, when those are allegitive.
In the rest of time they're delivered.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth burning in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, looking at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is kind of the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I'm talking about.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How would you act your consciousness if your body was delivered in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all objects on the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections -- your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the depth of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Emma.
And 18 months ago, I did another job on Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and allowed me to bring it up.
It took 18 months to take me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on death.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I went from a great education -- I don't complain about, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you the demo for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken on the way from their launch.
So, just -- let's go to Bobby.
Look around all the museums that there is.
It's the Uganda gallery -- the Moore, the Excuse, the Richard, the Google Valley.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Melonian -- the New York art museum of art.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and dad, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where you are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the blueprint up, and with a single click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the pass.
They are divided forward.
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Palestinian Parkinson's College in Melodiless.
I see the sit there.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the Giver technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- about 10 million stores.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million people?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million stones.
It can be done around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if they really wanted to go down.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I entered and found that children were actually playing something.
I looked at a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolish, and I actually found that this is a game called "Storyteller," which is in hitting a wave with a stick on the Tuesday Sea.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get deeper in depth and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to take the image, so you really see what there is.
So here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is coming, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump back to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The Night Star."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the penguins?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this master work?
I rise it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Night Star North Star Nigeria? I think I'd never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is really great. It's called "experimental "comparison."
All of you, absolutely everyone, no matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a man, that gives the same day.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, and I've created this function that I call "The power of the sound, we just made a round around.
It's about "The National Gallery of London.
You can embrace things, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you think about these master work.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital middle I do justice to his art work, and it's represented right online.
And the big question you do today is, "Is it doing this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to match the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a shoulder, a flying suit.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I am from Italian origin, all children in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting has happened in Francis 1 in the last two decades.
It does some time ago, if you wanted to win a Facebook career, I would take a budget and stretch it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer air computers.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and advanced.
And the cities are a big thing.
As a note of course I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
It's 75 percent of energy consumption and up to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detectors and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Atlanta for the end of year in the MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The The Media The Telescope."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms became sensors and activists.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have the outside environment.
It's almost like in the old dream of Michelle July?
You know, when Michelle Kathrine scared the Moore's -- he says that at the end he took the hammer and threw it into the Moses -- you can still see a little metal underneath it, and he said screaming, "Can you do not talk?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insisting in the idea of capturing environment and accepting something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a very lucky summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup in the world.
Maybe some of you remember -- playing Italy and France, and at the end of the Netherlands gave the head.
And anyway, I finally won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching the activity happened on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Columbia in the middle and the Earth River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the end early there are people over here, and there we call them called moving.
It starts the story, silence.
Golden from France, Gold de Italy.
Transparency, people make a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of reductionist.
First extra time, second time.
Zealand, and at a moment, the head.
Gandhi Italy, yeah!
That night went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big spin.
The next day everybody went to the center in the middle of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called circus Massachusetts where, from the time, people will celebrate, it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today, we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how it stands.
But we know very little.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash in their shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently more than a year ago, to label what they were reducing, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they would anyway.
Then we put a little chip, a tag to the trash and then we started to strengthen.
These are the results.
From September.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that there is no there.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw out don't disappear, that is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw a day still still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Isaac Bush, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zachua.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology technology, the new technology, will you join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a coffee and vaccines, superstards of sustained -- languages that open and shut down.
It's created like a water cartoon, with water sidewalks.
If you touch the pixels you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we could go by, like you see in the picture.
We presented this to the Bellow mayor of the Beach.
He liked a lot.
And he took a commission to design the building to the expression of the Explosion.
We call it the Digital Water Pacific.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you squeeze you open up so you can walk.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the seamborts, you get down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappear, like in this case.
Those days will always be somebody in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and said, "Let's get the building."
No, it's not that you have demolished it, but when you get down almost all architecture goes away.
Here it is.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to not do it by testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zachuari came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cut and water holes, and you had to jump down to not move.
(Audience: And for us that was really interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always think about the use that people will give us to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels and the water pixels and the projections of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air and each one had a little piece that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter like the one that we saw before, which moves with other synchronizes.
We could form this cloud.
sort of a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where it changes is light, not the position of the streets.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a store cloud in 3D that you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angles.
This is the real Florida controlled, going down to the bottom to form a Vietnam, like before.
When light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine every one of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boll -- the best ballet dancers of today, the New York Mediterranean star of the New York and the Milky Pantheon, to capture its movements in 3D and use it as an input for the Facebook.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the stores, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can get all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as possible for the Facebook.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a cloud of clouds, like the gravity of gravity, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody give a little bit for a shoulder.
And I think how remarkable it has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time --  -- the Obama campaign I showed you, we can move from the digital world, from the self-organizing power of networks, to physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That meant something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do you go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are forest.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with streams.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, it would serve to share the main moments of the 2010 Olympic games, and even more, and it can be used as a way of connection with the community.
So, it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can climb up, like a new summit of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital fan at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in your genes, you could improve memory for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and certain of themselves.
How about to live more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music from the Audience: Creativity." Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
The few. I was probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of the memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most of that. That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination.
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a strong issue here at the TED conference, but I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great genome of the 20th century, TED, Doctors, which is also a company in the Wright Orbit Russia, wrote a trial called "The biology makes sense to the light of Evolution."
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this, it's just about the past, or the future?
Do you mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well on one end is, of course, the one that interests us.
We had a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There's been maybe 20 or 25 different species of houses.
Some have gone and around.
We've been here about 130,000 years.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is kind of the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein -- independently challenging that the pandemic comes out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize we all carry on the most bacterial gut than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Dark put them out of the automobile, you think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderful hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's plate, dark, hallucination, it's very stationed.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without any effort on their part.
It's really like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional interruption of some powerful board to the salary.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast indigenous symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as a single and only compassion, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertainment part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was in college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is just divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transferred to the two daughters of children.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes police.
In fact, you might say that the inertiation of death in the body comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sexuality, sexuality, death per sex -- seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Burial feelings, which still acted in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him you find a magnificent light dance.
He looks at it and says, "Come on looking for a sexual station."
"Okay, go, George says, "I chose the sound."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily controlled just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stick healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to spend the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like regulation rockets to send the genetic load into the next level and then let the sea fall.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expresses when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying.
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
I don't necessarily favor the bigger or the strongest or the fastest and even the smarter.
Evolution favors the better creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the extra bacteria that can survive the heat of the breaks that will produce -- if there were fish there -- fish coastal to the cow, yet they've managed to make that an encouraging environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next signal -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolved.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine -- first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from population.
And secondly, as a species, we've turned our environment so that it adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate and we circle, and we get into it, so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary to happen for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that evolution drivers are stopped, but they're superconductive.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species collecting distant planets, there are going to be isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive and intriguing possibility and frightening.
The neuroscientist called the new evolution, the new evolution, which is not simply natural but guided and choose for us as individuals in the decisions we take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more values than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it is what is chosen at the individual and family level.
They also think that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of their descendant, but in their own body to do the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the appropriation?
Would you want to do those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and he took 13 years.
It cost 2,500 million dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a nearby cost at the age of 20 and a week.
It will not have a lot to make the human genome actually make the human genome for $100,000 and be more and more to the scope of all.
These changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that not only protect us but are going to induce immunity.
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the influence in the cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine only other two small changes.
Can they change the cells of their bodies but and if they could change the cells of their destination?
What if you could change sperm and the volumes -- or change the recent record -- and give your children a better chance of a more healthy life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating habitat, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor engine that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt seriously, and we devalue a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster contractor muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we want to have converted the evolution of before in neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more universal or more recruited and more versus more?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions saving them?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think about, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine doing clear, clean, close.
Clean, close, close, close. It sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting at 12.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot picks the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
I put the motors off.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most disaster words I've ever heard.
He said, "People for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do, all the fence I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never have.
As I was thinking about that later. I came up with a sentence, which is, "Pop wine back."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to mate anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we opened the bridge George Washington, which was not very much -- I thought, "Good, I really feel a big fish.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give birth to my ego, too.
And I spend the time that I waste in things that don't matter with people that matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I am no longer trying to have reason, I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is stuck, "Oh, 14, 13.
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please fly?
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we were born, I had a sense of foot, and I was dying not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness was drawn into a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- "Alleringhannie."  And scream.  And I scream, I just like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood when you connect those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Instead, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was struck by a miracle of not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live differently.
You're flying today, the challenges you imagine that the same thing happens on your airplane -- and please not be that -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What do you do, you still hope to do because you think you're going to live forever.
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant on the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
Her work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to stick to Tony -- TED, and his cause.
So I went and reunited with her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And her brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second is not that I saw Stephen Hawking -- not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those aliens?
And he said, "No, unless you get somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Did anybody see the movie "The Window and the stranger?"
They communicate in that way, they're going to kill them with the finger.
I said, "That's artistic. How can it be?
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a check, I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment, and Tony is going to speak, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside you can't communicate.
So I talked about a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called The Ready Ready Research Right, who have a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser pointer -- draw about that and register the negative space.
So they're going around making art facilities like this.
All the things that come up, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First they start with the sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Barriers and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so the journey started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much move the things from one side to another one we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking's disease.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it "Come because when you talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "Don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- from all the corners on the planet, to our house.
My wife and children and I, we moved to the back garage and these hackers and programmers and consumers took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we were going to have taken out the frames of the walls and in their place would have grateful.
But for two weeks, we went to the sea straight of Venice, my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called "Starburnal Scottish."
These are a couple of steel glasses that we buy in the marine strand of Venice. A little bit of copper and Home Delay and Rady Shanghai.
We took a PMS camera, we open it, we mountain it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- building yourself, we publish the free code, the software is going down free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much that was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's her room.
There was all this balance and air during the great incompatible.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sensors of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- you would imagine what was the feeling in the parking parking way.
The funny thing was that we had to deal with the parking parking lot, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time he drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to rescue and pulled me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
In a certain way, that's our war from war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong got something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- this is what I end up with the circle, is that in April of this year in the MIT Geographic in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The California in the Streets."
And "The Cold in the streets, it's going to have the best exhibitions of urban art -- "The Stephen Facebook, CEOs, all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be on the show which is pretty awesome.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, you can make it possible.
Nothing that is in this room was possible -- the computer, the microphone, the Germany, nothing was possible at all.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with recognition technology -- I just recognize something and I partnered with wonderful people so I can make it happen.
And these are the questions that we all do every day when we find something that we feel to do -- if it's not now, when it's not now, when I'm not me, who is it?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving in very difficult situations and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked in a mountain mine, dangerous.
I filmed in zones of war and difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I have been diving in a horrible approach with the only goal to try to look at social issues in ways that are advertised, interesting, and, hopefully analyze them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to come here to do a TEDTalk over the world of brands and patients wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard -- or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a bird in Ethiopia.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered to sell the rights of my TEDTalk name of 2011.
What there was the following: "The How National Monterey President -- my TEDTalk who has no idea what it is about and in content could be explained in the face -- especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks."
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that save knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I could not be able to tell them with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've gotten into horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared -- nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Sahara," I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with collection of products and marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call "The largest film ever sells."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold -- is that all from top to the bottom, has brand images, all the time, from the extinction that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Country Stanford, the Stanley Center."
These people are assigning the film to perfect, forever.
And so the film explores all this idea.
I'm a redundant fish.
It was "The Periodic Possible."
But we're not just going to have the paradigm of the X brand on the title but we're going to make sure that we get all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most great shoe that you use ...
The most great car that you've been driving in "The largest movie ever sold -- the best trick you have ever drink, cortex of "The largest movie ever selling you."
David Kibera: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making it finance the film -- (Madabee: Make you finance the fisherman: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The whole film goal is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, the whole film of principle at the end.
And I would love that CEO helps to make it happen.
Robert Frankers: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Wow. However, I don't know how recent people are going to be to that.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "Hey, it's very negative, but you know how it's going to replace? (Audience: No idea." David Commer. How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million and a half -- (Audience: Very good, John Kamen -- I think it's going to be difficult to meet them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
DK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out of us as a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Russian: Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But will it be difficult to sell me, by the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Audience: Okay. Imagine.
MK: We need to think about what brands are.
MS: Yeah. (Audience: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with?
MK: We have some places where we go. (Audience: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought that "I would take the camera, it meant we have a conversation outside of microbial.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies were gone.
No one wants anything to do with this movie.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought that the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, make as many people saw it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and seasonal media scenario is not the idea to count with that new worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a nice mistake and that error was this.
Actually, there was not such mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
That would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image is.
See, when you look for pictures of Gandhian Games in Google --   this is one of the first images that come up.
I like your roll form, Sergey Bronx. No.
This was the problem: transparency, free of simulation or deception, easily detected or seen, easily understanding, which is characterized by visibility or information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians the name, the president, the name, even the CEO the name.
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it really change something changes.
But why? Well, the transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still goes back.
It's unintended."   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it around?
I bought a whole topic of Coke Wikipedia.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell the story of story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell "to story story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- there he is looking at me as I used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, is my story, and is the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But just a company, a agency wanted to help me -- that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kiribati in many years, I realized that I would have to go for my own, I would have to take away from the intervention and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to deal with suddenly -- -- I started to realize, is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, enormous, giant films and others who make small films, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make horrible Hollywood movies, giant giants, say the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big Hollywood films, Girls?
And the film is called "The largest film ever sells."
How are we going to see Bang specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going out, every time I open my battle, you'll see the Bang disappear.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you very frustrated for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview.
And there's one of these fabulous arms.
Both "The Fortune Floridal, like "People from Paris, are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for women, solid to the ball, balloon, balance, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a permanent look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Just like the kind of smaller movies that you tell you, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bang to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Babbage?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Hallway technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the air.
Man: We talked about something automated, fresh, fresh.
I think it's a great word that really puts this category in positive versus "The smell and the supply?
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep a lot more time? With better fragility, more fragility, three times faster.
Things like those who are resourced by benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-technology company.
What about me? What's a common guy about?
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, to common periods.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: My brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: I will revive the '80s, passed it out, unless it's a ball of strip.
MS: All right, what is the German brand.
Germany, something unique. (Audience: unique." Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark balloon.
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like that.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like critics and similarities.
Woman: if Dan was a brand could be a classic collection, Merries Ben.
Man 2: I am calling it the carbon market.
Woman 2: In part of the house, in part of the Bornead Brown, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
I sold together toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Mary School, failed.
Is that something?
Architectura: I'm a lawyer.
Tom Tom." I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I often calm myself into the intersection of dark balloon and marriage marriage.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market "business]."
And I found a company called Olympics Zacarinistic in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nelson, Detail, Florida to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Architecture: Bring the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a familiar photograph.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
AT: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated and start in a place and in my case, and in my case and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
S: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who's like to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me the "business" for what is that?"
What's the map -- where do you get you right now?
Why is it important to reinvent it? What is the red representation?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolisms have you done?
You have to have fear, what kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Adam. Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Audience: Big job. A, yeah. (Audience: Thank you so much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linus Zackied" the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but completely completely in your brand personality -- the brand Morgan Sarah is a constructive brand.
It gets very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies are only focused on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to be -- it's human nature, to avoid things that are not safe -- avoid the fear, those elements, and you actually give them a head, and you make something positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is classic class. Apple first.
And you can see also here to Tarahum, Will, Minister of Minister Columbia and Jewish.
Now there are language marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come -- but a recorded brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A legitimate brand. What's your brand?
If somebody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand. What would it be?
Are you an attractive attribute -- are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more well an attractive attractive?
A little bit more called resident, resourced conservative."
All the agents are like being playful to be fresh, like the Prize, contemporary and advanced or attractive or audacious like Aurora Florida, fast or gallon, prototype, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than an attractive attractive?
Are you conscious about 1970?
Are you standing, traditional profit, protected -- you identify with Oliver."
Are you trusted, stable, familiar, trust, safe, safe, sacred, secret, sensitive or sand, like the Dalai Lama or Tomm?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, springs and descended, who said, "No." They didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they didn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the globalization, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they are now using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where you banned advertising to the free air.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no stones, there's no stones, no volumes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the greatest answer or I've had more success are those in which I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the interpretations, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think that it's going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how has you gone? Did you have success?
Well, since the film came into the Superman Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burial the film was in January, and since then -- -- this is not all, we've had 900 million impressions, in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's only online, no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in surface.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this movie has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talk to their customers will not be part.
I've always believed that if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I believe that when you train your employees in aversion at risk you're preparing all your company to get out of rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risky.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We need to put that bear in a cage.
We added the fear. We add the risk.
From a box at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we have to smell the transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to be a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "Companies David Hastering has been presented by my good friends of EMI who by 170 who by 170 bought the rights of the name in Ethiopia.
EM: It would make big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EMS presents "Computer to "Train."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, More, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those $1.25
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the name of the TED Materia, the Saturnean Foundation, a chicken for 170 to be applied to my TED seat for the next year.
The idea behind the textile computer stage is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the U.N. enrich plant in National.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and valves -- we can cause a lot of problems with centrality.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to get this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Windows.
The oxygen goes into the gray box, gives the central box, and the Iranian nuclear program is deliberately, mission combined.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research on Stage six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Windows -- the installation using multiple vulnerability dancers.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stanford, and we saw what happened with this.
And so they spent very strange things.
Stage became behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese, I wave, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese, I realized, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely direct."
The installation is looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration and even if the program that is trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
It doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we took out the attack of attack, and we discovered that I was structure in two digital bombs.
We also saw that they were highly professional armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I would attack.
You probably even know how much it holds the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stage Institute is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the charge is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 code lines.
It looks pretty much like old language.
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called to the system functions because we know what they do.
Then we would look at the destination and data structures and try to relate to the real world, with the real world potential goals.
We need theories about destruction that we can approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent saving -- it must be a valuable white white white white white -- because it's where most infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousands of goals in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the National restoration plant.
So I said to my assistant, "The little list of all the experts in central centers and power plants between our clients.
And I called them and put them into an effort to set up their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the site.
The rotate is that mobile part within the central, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this role, you can certainly push it and even make the center explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discovered in an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital eye looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, number 12 on that code, you can't forget it.
I started researching scientific literature about how these central centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structural in what's called a candidate, and each waterfall contains 16 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better still.
These focus in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what did we find in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So that there's no mass mathematics, it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We typically ended up in street streets, and we had to go back to start again.
But yet, we found that both digital oceans would go to one and same goal, but from different angles.
The little girl is taking a candidate, and doing the roles and landscapes, and the big ocean communicates with six inches and manipulate vaccines.
In addition, we are very confident that we've determined what the disaster is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We shouldn't worry about other targets being hit by Shanghai.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I was really impressed by it.
There's the gray box, and the central box looks at the central.
What this thing does is to intercept the power values for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, this false input data is provided by Shanghai.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fooled from professional video.
Is it great in?
The idea here is obviously not just going to break the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines go out of speed, you have to open leather valves in a millionant.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged then they can pass bad things.
The plant can blow up.
And we don't operate them and the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is really important.
Think about this. This attack is genomics.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centralites, with uranium entropy.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's genomics.
And you don't have an attacker, which will disseminate this load with a USB key, like we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to describe them.
Give them the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you ended up with is a computer of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been public in many sides that people assume the Moscow is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Landi, Oko, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Bosnia is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supercomputer.
There is one single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately fortunately fortunately fortunately fortunately fortunately fortunately fortunately fortunately fortunately fortunately fortunately it.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for anticipation. Thank you, Ray.
So I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken and you can take skin skills, or another one that makes wheelchair go up and go back to walk.
In "The Big Biology, we call these robots, extraordinarily.
They're nothing different from something you put in the morning, gives you a great force, which is also increasing his speed, and helps him, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other things that are outside.
This is not an Israeli idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on their back a load of 45 pounds, and it's expanding to get more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, by 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage back.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the AIDS -- or Porty Carriers Universal Human Carrier.
Soldier: With the excitement AIDS, I can take 90 pounds for variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, allowing you to put in clean up and run and run with great accident.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Einstein Benjamin," we are ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device this new extraordinary, this year.
So it's a reality.
Now let's look at the user chairs users, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair of wheelchair around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens very often, very young people, with damage in the spinal column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is aging to be multiplying quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- by a brain injury, or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like that for the last 500 years, from their successful emergence as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the Ellenth who is using Amanda Boston who was 19 years ago, he had an injury in the spinal column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bolly: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Ellenth, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invisible in the colleagues that send signals into the board computer, here in the back.
And so there are a few batteries that give power to engines in the hotels, and in the knees, and they make it move through this soft and very natural game.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, he was skiing down the bottom of a paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and everything movement from the pelvis.
Shortly time later, a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said, "Maybe, you'll never walk again."
That was 19 years ago.
And so I was laughing to the last piece of hope of my being.
The technology of adaptation since then, it has allowed me to learn how to put it down on skins, climb rocks and even ride in a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amazon, and all the wheelchair of wheelchair to everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Atlantic Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in the forests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relative.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much disruptive in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrified, bonobos society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence hasn't yet seen.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the great apes.
They live in the depths of the frozen rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study.
The Congo is a paradigm, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the technique itself, stage of a violent conflict that has been spread for decades and causes almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos can be heard of the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these primates?
We know them as the apes -- the love -- not war -- because they have frequent and promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kara Sure.
Bonobos, as humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a children's game.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to set up links and foster tolerance to fisher.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with generation of diversity, diversity of interactions, diversity of behavior, connections of connections.
And when you look at the binary game you see the evolutionary roots same from laughter and dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a balloon game, and I don't talk about football ...
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a performance.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, and it has to grab the balls.
I just believe that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as much in Bonobo as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows you, this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is policy.
The game is policy, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more rainbow, imagination, curious -- maybe the place where the amazing wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Fourth, a young female who is playing with water basically.
I think that we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our advantage of adaptation.
To address a world that changes we have to play.
But what do we do for the maximum our game capacity?
The game is not fragile.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans, the life is not just cruel and disappear.
When it seems like the least appropriate thing to play, you can be the moments in which it's the most urgent thing.
So, particularly primary, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Home.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers correspond to a highly qualified staff one has to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high chance to go.
But there was still one race to foot against the other volunteers to get to the capital and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was faced with a conversation with the owner that I certainly had one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a paradise, in pile, destiny, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived at before me, saying Leen Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog's dog dog.
The dog was -- I was the character?
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, for the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in call to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an age.
He said, "You know, I need to go home.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and I brought this woman a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It was not exactly what I expected, but I went up the stairs at the end of the hallway -- I went to the firefighters -- I went to the books that were more or less had finished the fire and entered the main room in search of a couple shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the staircase where I met my NGOs and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We got out of the house to the house of the house where, as I was to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the house bound by the beautiful effort to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at over the other was that someone had hit him even a couple shoes in it.
Both in my village in Robin House as in my voice as a volunteer book -- I'm a teacher of generosity acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from grace acts and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved or are to achieve -- remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
You don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you, you go down now.
They serve food in a dining shop, clean up a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So I went into the game, saving the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Bergland: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1875 with a very simple idea, central metal modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things that we do, as buildings or bridges -- one brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LED came up with this.
He was called automatic anti-frequency border.
And in a few years, the letters of LEDs came to every home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 pounds per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED did it accessible.
LED just adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brands attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block allows the transistor to create much bigger and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing little little literature.
Let me show you how they work.
Little literatures are every one with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they are linked by magnets as well.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the sale, the blue is the stream, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the cat.
So you just have to assemble a blue with one green, and very quickly you can start making older circuits.
A blue with one green is producing light.
We can put a button in the middle and then we have a revenue.
If we change the button for a pulse of pulse, it's here, and now we have an interpretation light.
We add this smoking to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, light is actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, literatures allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it easier or slower, you just turn this button that makes pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind light is that it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to be reduced to bring them out to use.
Light, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given literature to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light light works, or why the door of a elevator is kept open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken literature to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with lions like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and fire, we have Golden creating it.
(Music metal --  A few weeks ago, we took a few weeks to the design of Rhode Island design school -- that don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a conference can be active by movement.
But wait, here is my favorite project.
It's a language made of planning that has fear of darkness.
For these non-state, literatures became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the scope of all.
So they have open source.
You can visit the web page, download all the design files and make it out.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
The collaboration.
This is a little clip of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can get a little bit to carry.
We can continue to continue the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already afraid of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to detect, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "The American Bowl, and they would be like a few peace bodies for technology.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with monolithics.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world of the world.
They made great applications, they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
They met A.
It's a pink of Boston City.
Here it appears as if you look for a date, but what I really look for is somebody cleaned it when he gets caught up by the snow because he knows it's not very good to get fires when he's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to help this very searched way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of Member for America.
They were there in February, and at that time it was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these hydrogen.
But one of the members called Erik Michael, I noticed something else, that citizens cleaned with strings right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You agreed to clean up when you sane.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case he put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can roll down.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology in the government does.
And it's spread viral form.
A responsibility of the city of Honolulu, when you saw this app realized that he could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami services.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to take off the tabletom design.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when the snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without failed, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit about government technology, you know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that having been done by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that until the moment has cost 2,000 billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form, is a kind of abuse of warning to the government institution.
It suggests the better way to work, not as in private companies, like many people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without restrictions, open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the government issue that has the new generation, not as a problem of an analytical institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficacy.
And it's not just "Oh "March for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given for the government.
They feel a great frustration about that, but they don't complain about, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at the DNA -- and all those other things that you get crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Anderson: "We do together because we don't can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, government yes.
And because the government at the last instance of us, they remember that of "for the people -- how to think about it affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government was to choose people to take loads of charge.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is about, especially about sparkling.
This is the center of telephone and information.
It's the place that calls the calls if you mark 31 in America.
Scott attracted this call.
They said, "Police, the official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open up the doors from the house, put a good good music and see if you go?
And it worked. So well by Scott did.
But that wasn't the end of the sparks.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a partnership, web and mobile phone, called "Capital Consumption."
We don't program that application.
It was the very clever work of the New York University of New York City.
One day, this happened really, came up with this period, "The door in my balance cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that to talk about it?
The dynamics of "Company Congress is different.
Scott was talking to people.
In "Player Congress, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I love the place, I found the trash cube behind the house.
Zambiances? Yeah. Live? Yeah.
I went home. I went home.
Good night, free card."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physicist.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people get absolutely absolutely and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
It connects the two people.
And I could have connected with the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the superficial layer of 15 feet.
So below this is what we call the bubble.
And we say that word very destinee.
But it's that position that keeps us that is that we fund as something that operates in our age, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is safe.
If we want this institution to work we'll have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Occupy movement.
Have you seen it?
It's a group of citizens who have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the fish of the Senate -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been lifted up to the government, it's time to ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't think of government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can be expanded by stressful civil society.
There is a generation that grows with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act the taste -- you just have to articulate systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who are going to talk about, everybody will talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem doesn't care a lot about doing their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government work better.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up by a paradigm, carrying weeds -- by taking a balance cube that has a cardiovascular inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned up those bites, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we're not just consumers -- we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to important things that we need to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we be a hand of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death road.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things that I noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here have impact all over the world.
Sometimes if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, and it was charities, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a male marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Her parents were born in the slavery in Virginia, about 1850.
She was born on the 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also lovely.
When I was a little bit and I looked at her, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then surround.
One or two hours later, I went back and looked at me, and he said, "Canopy, you still feel my bows?
And if I told him no, I would grab again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always wish to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
In times, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins there.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So he looked at it and he smiles. But she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, and she got up to the room, he took me out of my hand and said, "You get Brooklyn. We both will convince."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget that.
He took me outside and said, "Okay, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell it."
I said, "Okay, Mars."
She said, "Now you know that you wouldn't do it." I said, "Hey, "Hey!"
Then I sat down, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been watching you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget that.
Then he said, "I want you to promise me three things: Brazil."
I said, "May, Mars."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is that you always want your mother."
And Apple, "She is my skin, and you have to prove that always the carefully.
As I was going to love my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you always do the right thing even though the right thing is to be difficult."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mary.
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the southern South, I have a brother one year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I pulled them, I would grabbed my sister and me, and we went to the forest.
We just got to do the closest clips.
He took a beer service, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right, you know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "I'm going to do it." And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too. I talk a beer.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow it."
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What is going on? Take a beer."
I kept looking at the strength and said, "Oh, I won't be still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mary tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was resistant.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely strongly.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking is a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the others that really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prepared during the process.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that I mean, we had to commit it.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is now very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1975, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There's 2.3 million today.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive embarrassing in my view, it has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, you find so much desperate, so much despair.
One in three black black black black black black black people are in jail or in conditioner freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles Pinker -- Baliness, Washington, Washington, 10 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or in conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not culture, but wealth.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The policy of fear and force makes us believe that these are not a problem of ours.
We are discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you stand out of rights forever if you have a criminal condom.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the loss of loss of rights will be as high as it was before they passed the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it was sentenced to 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, without chance to go out.
Now we are in the process of some liquids.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death road.
This idea of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense have been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the comet crisis?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for commercial crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
Out of every nine people executed -- it's identified one that is innocent that is embarrassing and liberated from death robotics.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent in nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation you would never be allowed to pay airplanes if every nine you would do, you would have to star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve killed.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I'm talking about slavery.
I talked about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know much about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being limited.
They worried about being born.
The threat of terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say, telescopes, she says to the people who stop saying that in our history, we fear for the first time with terrorism after 11.7
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism went on, obviously, with separation and decades of racial subjective and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly created tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about the death row.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to hear what you say."
And I said, "We don't have death row in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here.
The room was left in silence and a lady said, "There's no way with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, intentional and deforestating, we were going to run people.
reflective on this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, execute people, especially if they were in their own guy?
We could not tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disaster.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't actually worry about these difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, implications.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated with technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are displaced by suffering, abuse, degradation, the miracle.
In my view, I need to integrate both things.
Last we talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedicated with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the latest ones, the ones who never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. Even though it's so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, the development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the conversations of the heart.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us not only in the brilliant and definitely definitely, but also the dark and the hard.
Valley Hangar, the great child leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the operation, we wanted all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in desertification sites and being trial."
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe -- that even in communities like TED, we have to commit it.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human, if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege to be a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Park.
These women get together just to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Carnegie called me, to say, "Charles, comes from the Park Park. We're going to get together to speak.
You want coming and listening?
I was like, "I know I want."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you sell it?"
I said, "I'm going to say "thank you."
So I went and just listen to them.
It was very virtually, very electrically.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Park was heading to me and said, "Oh, Brown, I say it's that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do.
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted incompatible.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice management.
We try to end the feelings of life, without a condition for the kids.
We try to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end massive improbable.
I gave her all my best speech and at the end of it, and he looked at me and he said, "You know, Misses miserable.
And I add up, "Great standard, very automatic."
At that point, Ms. Carnet included, put my finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very, very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher than we have ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I am sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a land.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very else, very estimated, we don't judge our technology, for our designs or our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, not because of the way they treat rich, powerful and privilege, but because of the way they treat the poor, the containers, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel signed. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I get tired of it.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these guys who have been feeling very hard.
I go to prison, and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been trained to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what's not it?
The judge did it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was willing to think about, for God, if the judge can become something that you are, you should have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a mountain.
I had a 14-year-old customer, a poor, black, black.
I started working on the mountain, with a search that said, "Mary for my 14-year-old being treated as a 75-year-old previous white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white.
At the point I put there that there had been independent behavior in the acceleration, in the behavior of the police and the process.
There was an open line on how in this country there is no ethical -- it's a lack of ethics in this country.
So the next morning I woke up thinking that insulin motivation would be a dream, or I really wrote it?
For my horror -- not only reduced it, I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- God God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I got up to the car, and I felt really abused, absorbed me.
I went into the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
I finally got out of the car. I walked on the court.
I was going up the stairs when I met a older black man, it was the game of the courthouse.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer. He sort of recorded, "It's about lawyer?" I said yes.
And so I got stuck and short and addressed.
And I was holding myself in my ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was video.
That is deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went to the audience room.
When I arrived, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson. Did you write this mountain mouse?"
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me, and we started discussing.
People started coming in. They were all indigenous.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came up with the pink prosecutors -- the puzzles.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was filled with people, and all of these hormones because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye yellowfin he was able to see when he was going and came.
I looked through the window and like he had to hear all that fragile.
I kept walking over here and so on.
Finally, this old black, with a concern face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge gave a record.
During the break, a section of the section was forgived because he had entered the room.
The assistant is abused on the old black.
He said, "Well, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood stood up, I looked at the assistant, he looked at me and he said, "For this room room to tell this young man who kept his view in the goal with signature."
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
We cannot be really human if we don't care about human rights and the dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity.
And above all, to those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that I would keep the view in the goal with signal.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Just heard and see an object desire of the audience, in this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities close together.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a presentation that is going to be an effort to remove funds that are spent today in punishment policies.
For example, here in California, a billion dollars in death row in the next five years, billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide are not working on arrested.
56 percent of rapes are not going to get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reflection is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law turn away to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that it is?
KS: Actually, the rate of criminal crime has remained relatively stable.
The great growth growth in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic rise in the carpet population.
And we let ourselves convince for the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brown, you have been excited today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Little Lucide -- they grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden.
Listen 2: famine in Somalia, Lucassance 3: The police throw pepper gas.
Lichard 4: Carrions called Lincoln 5, laughing crimes.
Lucy 6: social Deception, Libya seven, 65 dead.
Lego 8, the trial of tsunami, Lucas 9: Civilizations.
Several launchings -- war to the three-dimensional destruction Toronto.
Renaissance June, Bangladesh, June, Syria.
Crisis, death, Design.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonds: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, translated in the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news, because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every single day of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process it.
And like nothing else matters to us, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a archive.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger of danger.
I ordered and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So about a dozen stories we'll rather look at the negative.
That old adage of the press, "If there's blood, sold it is very true.
And because all of the digital devices give us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are permanent.
It's not surprising that people think that the world is going on worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe what happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction.
As human beings, we are very good at taking the problems and the long one, we end up with them.
We looked at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life average is more than doubled, average per capita per capita per thing has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food -- electricity and transportation and communications -- has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living a little bit extraordinary.
Many people forget.
And we continue to get higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, robots, resources, television, money, air conditioning and cars.
The boring magnitudes of the last century, the empires on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Suppose a lot of this is technology and, ultimately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes on in the information technology goes down in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the performance of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
For that reason, the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how smooth it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's settled on a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to the Horse of Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Australia call infinite computation, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and its ability to democratize personalized production all over the planet, synthetic biology, fuels and vaccines and food, digital medicine, nations and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in "Jeopardy" from Watson, from AIDS.
It was pill.
I looked at the newspapers the best headlines that I had.
And I loved this one: "God sold human opening?
Jefferson is not an easy game.
I play with the maps of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can be affected by the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, it would have been absolutely absolutely.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single room on the planet, it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that stuff that is scarce, and it will become absolutely.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story from National Ages of middle 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited to dinner the king of Simon.
National troops ate with silver containers, and the same National same National company with gold ends.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than the gold and the platform.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is all literature.
You see, even though aluminum is eight percent of the mass of Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal goal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicons.
But then they got the electronics and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was slipped.
We projected this analogy to the future.
Let's think about the power of energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a back planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy workers every 82 minutes.
It's not about scarcity.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the gene generated by the death -- 800 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have abundance of energy we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars by water.
Do you remember when Carl Sandrine hit the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after I happened Saturn."
I took a famous picture. How did it call it?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97, it's soup water, two percent is ice, and we fought by the $100 water of the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
Nanotechnology, neurosciences.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the inventions of the border, I'd like to share with you, gave me permission to do it, his technology called Parised "The Young Conference: It's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to the day of any source -- say salt, contaminated water, a leader, for less than two cents the gallon.
The Coca-Cola president just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out right, and I have a confidence in which it will be, Copenhagen will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a potential innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to count with a gigaby smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information and communication world that nobody could have ever predicted before.
And better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- -- video HIV, images, books of book and music, medical diagnosis technology, now are democratic and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications are.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Foundation Foundation -- something called the X Project Track, of 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the teams in the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk to, and because they have A.I. they can touch it, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize and call the health and first of all, avoid the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will spend two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never even heard that they join the global conversation.
What would these people want?
What do you consume? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they turn from healthier thanks to the Transparency, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and the computer in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide about three billion more members of humanity, education and productive health.
How about a few voices never before you?
What if we give the open-sources wherever they are, a voice to be heard, and can you act for the first time?
What would these three billion?
What if you are contributions that we can't predict or predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Fort.
I came up at Washington University in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein is coming.
The piles determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a selective problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people got up, and they started playing it.
And it's shown that today the machinery of human patterns of human patterns is better to get proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me enormous trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the broadcast innovation.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that are spread to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The compliment of the party point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1875.
You might believe that it would be persistent, but it didn't.
It actually collected fish.
And I described one of them as a very "manipula."
It was the loser.
It was done so long until the 18th decades.
Now the fish is at the Red Links list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're president.
The pieces still say they're still intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the display of the mountain.
Because I was there in 1975, studying a law in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I was very burned with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The law was surrounded by palm and you can see, from a few mangrove managers.
There were theaters, of about 20 centimeters -- the black barrel title.
And the fishing of this title was very abundant and happened for a good time, so it was made more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years after the number of fish had halved.
They measured the five cents.
They experience a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went into the introduction of the prosthetic fishing fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1930s, Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development meant to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- imagine industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called Mars Four.
I went out to fishing in it, and we did studies in the South Chinese Sea Sea, and especially at the Jack Sea.
What we captured there was something intelligent.
We captured -- I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spectrum, other animals that are in the background.
And most of the fish are tiny sharks on the ones that are a coral reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the cover and then was thrown away.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a solid fund of soft coral, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them because they were dead.
Once we captured a alive.
I was still not born.
So they wanted to kill because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen will collect every time you go to an area where you never have fish.
But it's not a documentary.
We turn the world, but we don't remember it.
We added the point of part, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If you generalize this is something like this.
On the axis, and we have good things on the axis, biodiversity, lots of orienses, the green supply of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images receive at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and spread it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the source of changes.
And at the end of the end will keep a few missions right.
And that, in great measure, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that's very abundant before you go extinct -- it's a little bit common.
You don't lose abuse animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focused on the big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become a little bit frequent because we lose.
There is a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them, like capture such as you can see a lot of fish in this area cannot be used, or usually not using it the scientists of fishing, because it's not "profile."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instant societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
There is the huge role that can take a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the part of the game has run and it's incredibly low.
That is for the people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to erase their party point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle West for example?
I think the arts and cinema can perhaps fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of Chicago Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chicago Bay, 500 years ago.
And you may have noticed that the males and the tons are like "The "Playmer?"
And if you think about "The "Barrier," if you think why people get confused with the movie -- to talk about the history of Portuguest, why do you get to the images?
Because it prevents something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one that I will do, is Cameron -- "Mary A -- underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trend manager and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today, we're going to see why videos are getting viral and how important that is.
We all want to be stars, celebration, sensitive, companies? When I was younger, that seemed something very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper notice in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a sanitation.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minutes.
And of those, only one small percentage is made viral -- gets infinite of visitors and gained cultural monkey.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and surprise creatures, surprise.
Well, let's start here.
Beau Valley: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
White, game.
KA: Last year, Beau Virgin published this video shot outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows you the representatives in the population of popularity last summer.
Berlin is not ready to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double grass.
That's what you do if you call Comment Mountain Berlin.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video was published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimble.
Jimmy Kimble published this guy who catches the video to popularity at the time.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimble would introduce us to new and interesting things and give them a broader audience.
Rebel Black: It's Friday, Friday, you have to start the Friday --   Everybody wants it to come in the weekend --  --  Video: Virgin Friday, Virgin --   Video: You wouldn't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Let's be "Completely Black is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Mary golden goal, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other picks, they're also Friday too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday day?
Well, I took it, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Mrish Scott Twitter, was one of the first people to do a joke on the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends of trends will adopt a view of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal spark then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 partners of "The YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the global entertainment entertainment, this communal participation is our way of being part of the penguin phenomenon or doing something new with that.
"The Catholic, is a repeat animation with a musician carrier.
So that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet community of the Internet.
There was remote.
Somebody did a version of the old one.
And then it became international international.
Suddenly, there was a whole community of removed that made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate on.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "The Dubai gold or Rebel Black or "Ben Camp?
What would you get?
In a world where you get two days of video for minutes, only that really unique and unexpected can be summed up in the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the mountains to riders in New York, I admitted that I didn't care too much.
Casey Nikes: I was killed by not circular by the bitter, but there are often obstacles that are going to prevent you directly by the bitter.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nike made five million people to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all that we do creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Valley: What does this mean?
White.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media -- of a new culture, which we all have access to, and is the audience that defines popularity as well.
As I said, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bible, started on YouTube.
They can't afford to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little doubt of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they are barely the media, but they define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still attracting.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a demonstration, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communist come into Savada, they were facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, will now break it.
It turns out in the silence.
He died for the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in game, and my lesson was to learn that the story was trying to address it, but we supplied.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in the board driving directly into the sea.
My mother, Male, had just 18 years when her father died, and a marriage commercial and two small girls.
For her, life had gone down to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unconscious for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of the fiction, a boat went down to the distributed sea of fishing burned.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was parameters, rape and death.
As most adults, my mother took a fall with poison.
If you capture us, first we took my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the subject supply in each wave, and the horrible and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate that came several times, but they were bound with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine died and couldn't catch it for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, and finally the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given for the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we landed in Mellon.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women over three generations to shape a new life together.
We set up in Philippines, a middle-class suburb whose population is composed of immigration.
Unlike middle-class suburbs, whose existence I discovered, in Philippines, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English entered the people who had a common thing -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in farmers, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at TED.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assessment, and established an extra total in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to be, which was generally new clothes, always was a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the pieces, because he had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful songs about the "mass forestrast, and some graffiti -- "The "Godies, back home."
At home, where?
Something in me is supportive.
I was accumulating and a voice that said, "I'm going to super super-sensible to support.
My mother, my sister and I sleep in the same bed.
My mother was expanding every night, but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered named, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares.
She opened a computer store, then studied to be statistical and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition -- angry, influenced and intellectual kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and patients.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, involved with what I was talking about myself.
In the other, I was ready to be survived in precisely previously, traditionally through violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And because of that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was picked up by the year Australian of the year.
And I was catalyzed from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit up.
So Le: All anonymous Philippines, it was now so left, refugees and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard name, and at home, whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and to the comfort of life in an angry suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years, to say about the day of each and the displays of each other, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when she got to the ship.
The "no" had never been an option.
"Hello, he said, "You don't know what you are."
So I talked about juvenile design and education and deliberation to the marginalized and disappearing them.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was able to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my little little little little little little bit, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There was another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be an unknown, a next one, new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a boat gift.
Because being inside, it can easily mean collaboration -- it can easily mean accepting the predictions of your province, too.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world goes down, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that were not allowed to be allowed to be quite a lot.
There was an energy there, an improved optimism -- a rare mix of humility and walk.
So I kept my intuition.
So June to a small group of people who the motto can't do -- it was an irreverence challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked so far at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After a single trip.
My cartoons again.
Three months later, I had moved and the adventure continued to continue.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when the Conference was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who mattered for.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it.
At the age of 17, he became a convenience of a Mandela whose mother was beaten it.
No support of her husband, he caused a replicate to demonstrate and take the cause her own, and much more reconstructed caused when he won.
You can't do it to be wrong.
I was in the shower in a hotel in a hotel in September when she died, to 1,000 miles in Mellon.
I looked through the shower of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to slow.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Philippines, and we sat around her atmosphere.
We told stories, and we make sure that we were still with it.
A monster came and told us that he had to close the atmosphere.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
And I asked the mouth, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so fast?
"Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"Don't have sold it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were, and how life formed us, now we can see that the men who had come to our lives would be frustrated.
The defeat was easily accepted.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, supplies value in each wave, the considerable pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it up and see it, I would do it.
Traffit News, and also the mother of so much is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rachela about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the singer by Manhattan Alex.
We were thinking about how nothing has changed since the age of ancient Indian experimentation "The Medical European."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel we jumped to a cart and we were surrounding the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Arabia, the great Indian warrior was suffering, he had a side and he took a bow and with a flower on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with workers and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that's a great deal.
I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a speaker if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't get my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket plate of pilot.
And this tension of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pieces and newspapers in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile cells, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we were.
They started our inspiration.
And so I was launched by this technological world to see how to use it to create magic instead of killing it.
It was illustrated from the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
The text with the image, the animation and the sound and the touch.
The storytelling becomes increasingly and more more and more multiplied.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Kanz, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box is like -- I write my name.
And so I became a character character.
At various times I get a card -- the iPad knows where you live because of GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl was excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragonflies, but to that magic of childhood to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So over here, we have to put the iPad to release the fireflies.
And, really, they lit your way back into what remains of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with was a little girl in a blog in a boat.
So here, every book and every world will become a bag that I dragged into this magic device inside of the device.
And this opens a map.
In the whole book of fantasy has always been maps, but they have been aesthetic maps.
This is a map that grows up, film and guide you during the rest of the book.
At certain points of the book also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another really important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary content.
These are the automations.
We've all heard of the done and the numbers but how many people outside India know their Indian controllers, the stations?
These poor ants have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old book and book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
It's a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been triggered, penis to their Pole, have not gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections -- steps, stones, guitar and streets.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out and in a chapter -- take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then take it out.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a piece and says, "Oh, today I saw a chart."
A child from India says, "I saw a monkey?"
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken out.
Within the variation of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we have to be able to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video goes on, and you see that augmented reality sees a group of animals that appear on the inside plants in the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and support it to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are delivered with technology and magic and technology and technology approaches each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why lots of holiday projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the University Radio was to take a director of the listen.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help you?"
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems that everybody or maybe not all, but most of the Goldilocks projects failed because we stopped listening.
This is my Wikipedia biomass. It's a very simple thing.
It has a profile of encouraging and out.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms here.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time that I need heart assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's something else.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Bible Bible and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me, "What I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of pairs used to help patients, because they could use for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chair and together to develop some recycled activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week I will be available.
This little baby connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share them with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position, come back to the control and be capitalists of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face as the firing of the media attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through critical crimes.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have it in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM caves are in Machine.
Also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chain.
But where is the closest desert to help this patient?
And we asked ourselves, but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was make creative in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to do, you see a DNA, please send it, drones where it is open, because sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And more than 10,000 DNA Deland were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for the Lady, augmented reality to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Machines and someone collapse. They can use your iPhone, and the next weeks using your cell cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just as DNA 43, which is the name of the product, but also like Delays."
And we wanted to start at the world level.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for creativity in the world.
Every time you are from vacation and someone collapse, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted companies to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You could be serious messages or television people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows you is still in place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share with a photograph.
Or is it "The God is "The Particular "Star" ..."
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years old.
I mixed up with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different, because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, you end up when you press the filled.
For me, photography had more to do with being at the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to push the pulse.
Films like this, a building in a very transportation road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, he keeps a level of realism indeed.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say realistic I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture it, but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Films where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors.
Did the light?
What creates the illusion.
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But at the end it's about how we interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginative objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, let's give the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process when I combine the photographs.
It really consists to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look like I think they're the ones that we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But when you combine photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these results, they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect whole.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is possible.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom part is manipulating it.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
Personally, I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan -- to find the different locations for the puzzle parts.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a poetry of stone.
And yes, I even did the house at the top of the island so that it seemed more Sweden.
So to make a realistic result, I think it makes planning happen.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and it can be very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
So please, if you can put it up.
It's a diagram that I took from a card mine.
I don't care about showing you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the Risks Richards versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this is, like many other people that we tend to see, is a kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude order on the scale of performance.
talking about technology with seminal curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's precisely I'm going to talk about that.
Please look at the lights.
I needed more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we eliminate technological curves in logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve in which we say, these are the years, or some time unit -- and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to grab -- the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
don't say much.
But if it was gravity, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a sensitive curve would be very dumb, we see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as the past microbial morning, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go to that rhythm.
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a post-conflict growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different or maybe do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
If we will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask yourself, is, what is that new way that the world is?
What new state are the world together?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember as a child in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference that people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been entered, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something going on.
It's a transformation, we can feel.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because everything will be so different that it will extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition might be that we experience it.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale that I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great strand with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with the RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, I had filled a few oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those doors of oil contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so on.
And they started divided.
In a sense, those were the most primitive mobile forms -- those oil droplet of oil.
But those domes were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide us to get an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they have.
That's why every report was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow will be differentiated by being better in the time of incorporating the chemicals around the world, growing more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented away.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things become interesting when these doodles learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way that we don't understand these directions learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so that they could replicate it.
The amazing thing is that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun, we can now write things with this code.
Here I have 100 microseconds of white dust that I try to hide the security people of the airport.
But you know, I took this code. The code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this snippet of DNA and imagined 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot for all of them, in fact, for every single person in the world and it's here.
If it was a current current that would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened where things got very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information to form the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and apply them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant resistance, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a smile.
So it was going to survive or fail together, which is that if a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community were more replicated and managed by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities come up so much, that in fact, they were used, and they decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicultural community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
I would build very special structures that don't do more than process information in community.
They're the neural structures.
neurons are the devices that are processing information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learning not to eat a certain fruit because I knew it was wrong and sick last time I eat it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these processing structures of information that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those data structures hugely accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution might now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals found the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few gravels and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in your heads that I would keep a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very difficult to turn it into sound, in sound sequences and produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started making abstractions.
Now we go through similar periods of the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of recording, present and processing information.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The telescope, the computer -- the video tape, the CEO, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that focused on something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of the TED in which some evolution was produced with the Conventional program.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you would take a billion years each.
The next stages -- the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is retreated, I guess automatically is the right word to name something that acts its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process retreats.
But I made my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work on to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes each transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Health Machines, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that makes something that you could not be able to, much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I play methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please, computers, can you run a hundred million sections of instructions to the board?
Could you run these sections of instructions at random, execute all those programs and take those who are more like what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more about giving numbers.
Of course, it is unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one luckily, luckily, could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Well, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We love those and we eliminated the rest.
And now we will play the ones that are best to order the numbers.
And we went back to play them following a process of analog respiratory to sex.
We take two programs that are going to send children, who interested submissions, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combination of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please play the problem."
California again.
I introduced some mutations in a few mutations.
And he tries again and represents another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end of the end, we end up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're programs much more efficient than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark, strange programs.
But you get the competition.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
I once went in a 747 with Mars Min and pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel reliable?
We know the engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering does.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's retreated.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are retreated.
We are delivering.
And we're at a moment analogous to the single-celled organisms when they became multiplied.
We are the birds and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now it comes the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been running enough time to allow you to get part of my fake presentation on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the World Series.
We love baseball. Right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to go out of the regional region, talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope a lot of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talk about 300 of a battery that kills 300 percent.
That means the battle bank effects -- three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being attached, and anyone who tries to launch it at the first base -- it doesn't come time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how you call a 300 in the Great Lines?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400-year-old baseball bat.
By the way, that's someone that 10 balls tall, I accepted four.
Legose -- like the Lean Williams Legother, the last player at the Great League of Bionimon to run more balls on a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have automobiles and you're dedicated to a surgeon that has a $200 record in accessible.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a slow place, and a loved self has two obstacles of completely completely obstacles and your family physician gives it to a cardiologist whose record in an angiogenesis is 200 percent.
But do you know something?
She's improving remarkable this year.
And their actions have been 24.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask them.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or a profile of a heart surgeon or a genetic obese?
1,000. Very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and it includes me, with the beach of being perfect.
And that never, ever -- you make a mistake and you try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a student obsessed with company.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Golden studied to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little defense, in the General hospital resident of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of the memory.
From my kind of anatomy -- the memory of the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the diagnosis of frequent and the non-state difference.
And I even knew the diagnostic difference about how to clarify kidney academics.
And the more knowledge and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with honor.
And I think of medicine school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole thing, because this is how I was infected with mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Dramany.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to the Drawing lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you get a request to get a cardiologist to a cardiologist I got to attend that patient.
And I report to the boss of resistance.
When I saw Mr. Grandma was heading.
I heard a solar sound.
And when the clinic -- I heard a supply sound on both sides -- what resulted to me a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumped the blood forward, the blood goes into the lungs, they fill out of blood, and that's why there is difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
He gave him appropriate and medicine to relieve pressure in his heart.
He gave him diabetes, strikes of water, so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I made the first mistake.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent it to his house without talking to the head of resistance.
I didn't raise the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and consult with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, it would have been able to get complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility that could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner inside that he said, "You know, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I asked the nurse to take care of the lady of the Darwin Dr. "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then he said, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the parallels took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk towards the parking parking car where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the road to home.
And there is another nurse, not that I was taking care of the Golden lady before, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency medical doctors.
Other specialists fear them too, but there's a participation in expression, and we see the patients finding.
The three words are. Do you remember you?"
"Do you remember the patient who sent her home?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"You know, she came back, with the same voice tone itself.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour of having arrived at her house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 9/11, the parallels brought it to emergency pressure with a 50-year-old blood pressure, which means a severe severe.
I just breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial puzzle.
I was containing and satisfied to the core.
I had a mixture of feelings because then the stability was in intensive therapy and expected against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days or three days, it was obvious to never wake up.
He had an international brain damage.
The family got together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was going on.
And the ninth day, they let it go, "My Dr. Dranki, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say you never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks -- I was punished about it and experiment for the first time the shame male that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, isolated without feeling that shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not what we did was bad, but we're bad.
And that feeling.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure you hold things out and make sure that they don't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my children? Why did I send her home to his house?
And in my worst moments, why do you make such a story?
Why dressed medicine?
Little to that feeling was displaced.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, the sky opened up, and eventually the sun came out and asked me if I felt better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I quit the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to not make any more errors, and I would make those voices again.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it would happen.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat, and I got a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and he was linked.
And he stayed here.
Look at her throat -- he was a little bit of color.
He would sing penicillin and send it to her house.
But while he was headed to the door still pointing his throat down.
Two days later, when I came to do my gain change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I uttered the three words: Do you remember you?"
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the barrier?
And he came back and didn't have a strategic factory.
He had a potentially deadly application called electronics.
You can search for Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but the upper air of it, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was lucky, fortunately, didn't fail.
It was anticipated by anticipation and recorded at the few days.
And they went through the same period of shame and representation, then I went back and came back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same amount of urgency. Not alternative diagnostics.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it fits 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I don't send them home, and I don't think it's been a descendant.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
You order a radio X-ray -- but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was reviewed to the patient perceived a certain sensitivity on the lower right frame and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered him liquid to reserve and asked my colleague to review it.
I checked it down, and by noticing some sensitivity on the lower right, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they were recovered well.
But every case was abandoned to me, I get depressed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a portrait.
The most significant have been for the last five years.
Just ambiguous and no support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them this so that they don't make the same mistakes.
If I go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course, in a party listening to the mistakes of other doctors, but not listening to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a broadcast in my hospital added the wrong leg -- believe it would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones who make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and those who know, the ones who have primes are results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as an antibody that starts to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we get away from medicine to people who make mistakes will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, about disaster and medical journalism, I've done a very bad medical school study and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto State to my program, "The Cousin, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are unimaginable.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one out of 10 in 10 favorite drugs in the hospital are wrong, or the development is not right -- in a system where the international infections are increasingly and more numerous and more numerous and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian candidates by available medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about bright subjects, because we're not discovering the problem as we should.
And so the things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, we take the same patient with a pain in the chest -- it comes up with climbing eyes and with aid and all of a sudden, and all of a sudden, my story is resistant to destiny.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't respond to their symptoms always the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, not going to stay anybody.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program, "The white art, black art, is already a corporation saying, "This is my worst mistake -- I would tell everybody, from the paralyzed to the heart of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake, blah, blah, blah, "What are you mistakes? And I'll run the microphone toward them.
And their students would stop, they would go back to the head and they would get out and they started telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, they don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reduced medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reduction doctor is human -- human doctor is known to it, and it takes it -- and it doesn't become enormous from their mistakes, but they effort to learn from what happens to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them up, but in a way that they love and support for everybody to benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they make errors of time as well.
My name is Brian Gold.
I'm a reduction doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel a lot, but I am effort to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day all?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say choose an average American -- it's about 70 a day.
Not a long time, in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents for a week.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are driven by these executives and the time they started making related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 120 jobs per week.
Naturally, every job included many men.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only about 12 percent of a time percent was coming out one hour or more of your time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of a hour of a time?"
How do you calculate the way that those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today, choose to supply the opposition of choices.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a passenger.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the super-sensing of option?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University -- the University of the University of Stanford, made this very, very high, at least at least in that time was very sophisticated.
It's called Democratic Department.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vibration, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the embodied water, and this was when we took water from the tap.
I love to go to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why never bought nothing?
This is the olive oil session.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in the sealed box that come from military trees.
I once decided I went to the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with his cameras.
So we decided to do a little experiment with the memories. This is the one.
I were straight.
They had 370 different classes.
We installed a place to tell you, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out of six tastes, or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop to test the memory?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a member of memory.
Here we find the opposite effect.
From those who were stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy memory.
The ones that stop when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought memory.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy memory if they found six, than if they found 24 percent.
Well, deciding that we don't buy memory probably turn us, and less is good for conserving the line, but it turns out that the problem of correction survivors affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when this is not going to be convinced.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Gurf Hurricanes, and Emily Karashum and Web Jane, where we looked at savings decisions for about a million Americans, from about 65 plans from this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funding available in savings plans for retirement, the 404 program -- encouraging people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation in it.
We had 65 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of fundamental funds, there were fewer participation.
So if we look at the ends, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you would like.
And in the plans that are offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation goes down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, the more people were eager to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As soon as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we are recommending to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences in offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which is still when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of marines, mustard and vice and memory, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose from that amazing display.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tried, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, cut.
You've heard it before, but it's never been true than today, than less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Great."
They care about losing space in the front.
But actually what we're seeing more and more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of weird reductive options, there will be an increase in sales.
When I processed 26 different types of Head & Shanghai to 15, you saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporations Gold Cat eliminated products for cats of cats that are less sold -- they increase the use in 84 percent, by two causes, greater sales and lower costs.
So you know that the supermarkets today, on average, they offer 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart are offered about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Alice and offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in a tin.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have come out on how to manage the choices is David Latin, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically engaged to a life insurance background.
And you really want to choose, 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, people often say, "I don't know how to cut it.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is I ask the employees.
And if your employees can't differences, they can't do your customers.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gara.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a few vacation to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read and then I want you to give you a applause if you're ready to take the Garden offer.
(Music applications? Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Isn't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for this trip?
I think it actually tends to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of choices, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences have to feel a very very vivid way, very conclusion.
Why is it that people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when they use debit or credit cards than when it uses effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Solida Benjamin and Alexander President, on the TED personal -- they were working on the INAAIL, these people were in a meeting where they were getting to a 404 plan.
And that meeting, that we were just going to consider exactly as a computer belief, we made a little adventure.
What we added was we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the 20 and an increase in the number they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, from four percent.
The third technique is California.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Wikipedia supermarkets along the northern road, the magazines can contain from 334 different types to 66.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to do it.
These are two jewelry.
One is called "The Bearching: "The South, and the other one.
If you think the one on the left is Silicon, and the one on the right is Japan, you get a stick.
(Audience: Well, there's a few.
If you think the one on the left is Jimi and the one on the right is Silicon, you get a pilot.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jim and the one on the right is Super. But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something that I choose -- not the one that defines them.
And you often see this problem with these huge lists of funding.
I'm sure who they're informed?
My fourth category, Congo the complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, buying it from a car.
This is a German array of cars that allow personalization to persuade.
You have to take 60 decisions, to bring the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each one.
Color outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Moon, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order that decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look for?
How involved you are.
If you can always get the default button in every decision, it indicates that they're absorbed, or it is, we're losing them.
We find that the ones that go from a lot of choices at the time, you get the button down over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order that information was presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose it.
Although you pick up the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We have a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of computer overload -- cutting out, eliminating strange alternatives -- concentration, to make it real. Clarity, we can drive more categories with less choices, and they will drive complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who serve them.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful when you choose it.
And the more careful we are in our best choices we will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the East Communication Germany, if you had a typewriter machine had to record it to the government.
I had to record a text sheet of example written with the machine.
And this for government could track the origin of text.
If they found a writer with the wrong message they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't realize that someone could do this, how much it would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots on every page you follow a pattern that makes you own and your printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to be learned a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can add the attacks out of their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the circumstances.
like Mr. Dismanda Golden from the city of Kim, in Ukraine.
The celebrity phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cybercriminals to make a lot of money, fundamentalists.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiple, who make money with their attacks.
This is Long Testanales, from Taro, Stanford.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Wall.
This is Berlin Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson: Tarahum Alaskan etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their online online, but they do it by illegal means through bank troops to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service -- two months ago, I froze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Japan, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Japan was supported, his parameter.
And I say that today is more likely that any of us are victim of a collective crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of implications that we see today is not driven by money.
There's another thing that moves them, and they motivate the protests, they motivate them the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have been disappeared in the last 12 months occupy a broken role on online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals who do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest, and the last group is the national states the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Diana.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Diamon is a certificate of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Decide the last fall, because of a satisfaction.
They were surrounding the security of the site and perpetuating a circumstance.
Last week, I asked her, in a meeting with the Golden government representatives asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Diana.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Diamonism is a certified authority.
They sell centralites.
What is the central central things?
Well, you need if you have a website with hydrogen, service services, services like Google.
Except that I interviewed a foreign certified authority.
And they were going to make self-destructive centralites.
And in the case of Diana happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egyptian?
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the silk of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the back of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this category called "The God Beach."
And within that folder, there were notes from a wide company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communities of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company silk is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, the South African training was used by the official government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They use even tools like the South America to infect our computer with a troops to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think definitely about things like these obvious answer should be, "Well, it looks like something wrong, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's the privacy.
Printing is not described.
It's not a question of privacy versus safety.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we resist today, will be forever.
Do we rely on any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National National Park has no close in the majority of the South, which means that wild animals like the pigs migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like the lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead I felt very bad because it was the only round we had.
My community, the masses, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to pay it, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up to hate the lions.
Movement are warriors that protect our community and the livestock and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So killing lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, at six at nine years old, is responsible for her father -- and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give them fear.
But I realized that actually this is not really seriously, because even helping lions to see the stable state.
Don't give me back. I continued.
A second idea was to use a space.
I tried to trick the lions to believe that I was near the stable.
But lions are very smart --  they came the first day and saw the space, and they went on, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killing animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions have fear of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would go and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
It was all around it.
And as you can see, the solar cell load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little individual box -- I call it a transformation.
And the individual box makes the lights disappear.
As you can see, the bubbles go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see it lions when you come from night.
The lights disappeared and Tell the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got problems with the lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said yes.
They put them. They can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena and read them, and it's also used to get elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International International International, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping raise funding and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the lady of my father's professionals, standing the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying and said that one day would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineering engineer when I grow.
I used to hate the lions but now like my invention is saving the cows of my father and the lions -- we can be with lions without any conflict.
So I can see it. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship Richard Turk" yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RL: My next invention is, I want to make a close electric fence -- CA: A near electrical next?
RL: I know you already invented the electric close, but I want to do mine.
CA: I just try it once once, right? RF: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a calmbody.  CA: On the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turk, you're a big thing.
We're going to put it into every step I have, friend mine.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No send anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim II, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea is the enemy.
Even though I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution when I was seven.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
And he said, "When you read this, the five family members stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We're prepared to die.
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
When I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at the face of his mother without being able to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine dragged North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, more than a million North Koreans died during famine and only few surviving eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They were also made more and more frequent the energy cuts -- all around me was completely dark at night except for the lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and us.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Earth River, which serves the boundaries between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry at certain points, allowing normal to cross secretly crossing.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I come out of North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant partners.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a normal refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North North refugees were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealing and it would be representative to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was made when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Someone had accused me to be Northern, then I looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be a pill and depressing.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interpretation, an officer said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not northeastary."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans in China are looking for asylum in foreign ambassadors.
But many of them can be arrested by Chinese police and department.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These North Koreans didn't have so much lucky.
Every year, North Koreans are captured in China and department to North Korea, where they are tortured or embarrassing or executed in public.
Though I was lucky to escape -- many other North Koreans haven't had so much luck.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, the whole world can be taken in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Tell in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I was hoping about.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We are all corals, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even went through a crisis of identity.
Am I subtle or natural or native."
Where am I going? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride my pride, right?
Though I would adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan, I started studying for the university exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities would intercept some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be distributed to the force to a location in the outside.
They had to get immediately away.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and got me into the border with North Korea.
Because my family could not speak Chinese, I had to guide them, in some ways, for over 3,000 miles through China and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
I asked the identification of everybody and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I was impressed by foot, and I told him that they were sweet people who were accepting.
He looked at me suspended but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way to the Latin border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laws.
But even after I went through the border, my family was arrested and embarrassing for crossing the free border.
After paying mortality and bored, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Law.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was returned in prison at the short distance of the South Korea.
I was going and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But they didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or more mortality.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking yourself, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and two other North Koreans and the other northern prisoners and to get them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me."
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North Poor."
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown love is a new hope for me and for the northern village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are actually the hope rays that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of English language, labor practice.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I have been very fortunate -- I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help by giving North to North Koreans, an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North North North North America, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Columbia Center.
This is Center South, lights store, fast food, ball ground.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central Caribbean to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this fixing what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles.  The light shops, fast food, ball ground.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to get killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Central Central Union.
For example, obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than say, "Because Hillary, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm glad to see this happen.
And I wonder, how do you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood.
I see wheelchair bought and sold as a car use.
I see historians of disaster publishers like Strawberth.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I'm also tired of driving 45 minutes of anger and coming back to buy an apple that doesn't have penguins.
What I did was I planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a phase of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to town.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Graham Green, we put together and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of group paid by attachment for all the prostitutes of all the processors, all over the city, and completely volunteers, and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained about.
And the city came up to me on the top, and in summary, they gave me a piece of computer saying that I had to withdraw my garden -- the focus was made of justice.
And I said, "Let's do it?
A judicial order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, left.
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Los, and he talked to the concept and one of the members of Green Greeks, who put a petition in Chandler, with 900 signatures -- we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My focus even called to say that they would go back and they would come up with what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more balls balls.
It has 68 miles of ball ground.
That's 20 Central Parkers.
That's enough space to plant 72 million plants.
Why does the hell don't look good at this?
Growing a plant, giving about a thousand seeds, 10,000 seeds.
When one dollar of helium will give you 75 dollars of outcome.
It's my history, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there, raised my kids there.
I became part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me by others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, that shared walls -- I think of soup, gardens.
I use the garden -- the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my embarrassment of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a bite is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They were surprised to see how kids affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and property act that you can do, especially in a urban.
Also, you get frustrations.
I remember one occasion, who came up with a mother and daughter, were like the 16th of the night and they were in my backyard, and they looked very strong.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who was so close to me with hunger -- and this just sounds like I do this, people ask me, "Oh, don't you fear that people are going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I don't have fear that you're going to steal it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to give you your health.
There was another time that I put a garden in a shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous -- they shared me their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Graham Grands has come to plant maybe 20 gardens in it.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate.
If kids grow up, kids eat collection.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught -- if you don't teach them how the food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind what they put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're trapped in. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which brings them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carnegie.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we never will.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy care.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of the street, get kids out of the street, who know the joy, pride and honor of growing their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want everyone to become expanding by expansion, fishing, campaign gardens, finding.
We have to change the script of what's a campaign.
If you're not a garden, you're not a catastroph.
That the fishermen take their stick, right?
That's their choice weapon.
In addition, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some silly, to talk about making some sentence.
If you want to see, you come to the garden with your foot so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience:  (Music noises)  You probably all agree with me where this is a very nice road.
It's made of altitude, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it takes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that it stands.
And especially if you're riding in your bike, and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porn asphalt roads.
The porous, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has portraits and water can go through it, so all of the rain water will flow around and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and not get water even more.
The noise will also disappear in these pieces.
Because it's very hot, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has destiny, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can stop.
What is to get rid of that? You see that in this road, the stones on the surface come out.
First of all, then a little bit more and more and more, and so on, and then I won't do that.  But you can give it your story, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah, he's ready.
Backers, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can really see how the damage is going on in this material.
It's a porous, like I said, so it only has a little amount of adventure between the stones.
Because of the integration, to the ultraviolet light, to the oxygen, this advertisement, this brand, the glue between the roofs, will be survived, and if it comes up, they will be miserable and separate from the airports.
So, if you drive through the road, you get the approaches -- like we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of materials of self-destruction.
If we can make this material support, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean supermarkets, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the boat.
So we have a little bit of asphalt with little pieces of steel in it.
And then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an injection machine.
The injection can be warm, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the boat flow through these microscopes, and the rocks are going back to the surface.
Today I use a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big intention machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven, it's a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm now going to get to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try it."
So we had a piece of roads, 400 meters from the AIDS freeway, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing a road test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We did the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we got them back to our manufacturing machine and we got them back and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of intention to actually increase the life surface of the road, even they can double the life of the surface, and they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity from whether this works as well.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to get together first before I can show you how the repair act.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember walking down one morning with the sound of the video in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news was generally depressed.
"The Taliban was striking? I love my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school reality? He said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban got together from Afghanistan, and they did illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was seen as a child to escape my older sister that I could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we were able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could support where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market bags so that it seemed like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us apartment in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban words.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were attached to them, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a time.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total constant of a remote province from Afghanistan, in which his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was represented.
But my educating mother became teacher.
This is it.
It took two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to educate her children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there was moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to return, but my father said, "Hey, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money. They can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that always will be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to go to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the hippocampus, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate in Milosau, College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was taken out of her home for the courage of educating her daughters, was one of the first ones to deal.
He didn't just get rid of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believed in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 10,000 -- a global campaign to educate women.
It's why I cofounded SOPA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage opportunity.
And I see his parents and his families who, like my own, grows for them, and even in front of a democratic opposition at all.
Like Ahmed -- it's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from the way from SOPA to her village, and literally they were started being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice would warn you that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try and try.
"You know, if you want to, he said, "But don't give me the future of my daughter for his old and return ideas."
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those people, there is a father who recognized the value of their daughter and that sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interventions of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. girls who went to school are in hundreds, remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
And I fear these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I go back to the students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that we animate them, I see a proportionate and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and extent possibilities, and every day of SOPA girls remind me.
like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the explosion, "Hey, resistant to Galonia. fought against him.
But you never become a Galibar revolutionary Galileo.
They've spent almost two years since it was the life revolution inspired by the harmony of mass movements as much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with a lot of other biological citizens, inside and outside of the country to call one day of force and start a revolution against the rain regime of Galapago.
And we did, it was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront -- expanding the each of the regime, carrying freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a passionate example by facing the dictatorship of Galapagos.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and give the ticket.
And yet, Galonian left a heavy burden -- a legacy of ticket, corruption and alternative seeds of care.
For four decades, the rain regime of Galapagon destroyed infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of civil society.
Consider of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, alongside many other women, rebuild civil civil society -- expanding an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Benjamin during and immediately after the fall of Galapago. About 300 in Track.
After a period of 33 years of extension, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about developing skills and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Pacific Library platform for peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and for our participation right in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the previous period, an environment that was getting more politically, which is moving from the selfish policy of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won one 17 percent of National Congress in the first election in 50 years.
However, gradually the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing, every day we found violence.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and substantial mountains.
Another day is driven with the news of the American ambassador and the attack of the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the army office mirror.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the molecules and their villages of human rights violent and their lack of respect of the law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is more police, and it has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Interviewer, exclusion and revenge.
I'm not here today to be inspired with our success of the success of the "business Conventional and the election.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections don't bring peace and stability and security to Libert.
The crossing list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national receptors?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society continues to continue and mastered with selfish policy policies and exclusion.
Perhaps what failed were not just women, but the women's values of compassion, missing and inclusive values.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than they needed choices -- that just reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female who needs the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and we need to call it a day.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mission.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not just honor, but also put the misery in the misery rather than revenge. collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, distributed by the war, needs desperately to get the peace.
Because peace has an algae that deals with interaction and alternative between female perspectives and male perspective.
That's the real creation.
We need to establish that in an existential way before doing it in a sophisticated way.
According to a version of the Koran "Caribbean," peace, "is the word of the Mission Mission: Compassion."
At the time, the word "student" who's known in all open traditions has the same root in Arabic that the word "startups" and signals the female and maleration, which brings all the humanity in which men and women, from which all tribes and all the towns have been embracing.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows in the divine matrix of nuclear compassion all of the existence.
This is what it looks like, and he says, "My mistake is abandoned all of the things."
This is how we say, "My prescription mission about my anger.
That all of you are given the grace of mission.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an immediate question, which has an equally inadequate answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does always -- why is she left?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who was put him on?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just license at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and an editor in September magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green threat American Expression, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, hit the head with a picture, card with blood balls.
The man, as I loved more than anybody in this world, put a gun in my head and threaten to kill more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "the love love, a psychological traffic, distributed love, where every year of millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm a licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have a MIT on Mars Business School.
I've spent most of my career working to companies from the list of "The 500 primary, between them Johnson & Johnson, Lee Burial and The Washington Post, Leonardo Portuble.
I took almost 20 years home with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black labor and driving a monster Hong Friday.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions -- all levels of wind and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the habits are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interconnected and long duration or, in other ways, in families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reason why, the domestic abuse is so destiny.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who was struggling, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, Nobel and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rain night of January.
I was sitting next to the subway in New York City and started to fly with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also coming from a University of the Ella Leonardo University and working in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a field of the field.
He had a little bit of big moments like apples, and a wheat room tricked, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it about all the beginning by putting it into a period.
We started coming out and loved all of me, who was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard -- who put passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And that's why the little little library in that school loan and the work on Wall Street and his future bright had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to pick up and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York City and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make secrets for your partner, so I accepted my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a "Look love, which was entering head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And this is where you go into the scene those pitches.
When we moved to New England you know, that site where he was supposed to be so safe was bought three pitches.
One was in the car guard.
One of the daycare underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in its pocket.
And he said I needed those pictures because of the trauma that lived a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those piano phones were actually a message for me, and even though I had never lifted my hand, my life was already dead danger every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I got my mother suit of my mother and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happy forever, because I loved it, and he wanted me to do a lot.
And I was very, very advertised.
It just felt very abused by the wedding.
It had been an isolated accident, and I would never get hurt.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that he stole several times against the car window.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was brought down to the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congress continued to pay a time or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victim of domestic or bullying. At some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control informed that every year 15 million children are malarial, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
I'm going back to my question: Why do I get me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly slippery man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo to face his demands.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't it just walk?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a male.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has finally put the relationship to the relationship, after the marketing, because then the architecture has nothing to lose.
Other implications include permanent consumption, even after the architecture has come to marry me, financial resources -- and manipulation of the court system system to take them into the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend no overlap with the man who ran their mother.
And we still keep asking why does it just don't go?
I was able to come up, because of a last piece of paper that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed her.
So I broke the silence.
I said it all over the world, to the police, to my neighbors, my friends and family family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because everyone would help me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as statement headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?"
For some people is a way to say, "The blame is yours for standing, as if victims choose to be sensitive to love men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "The Love Love," I've heard hundreds of men and women who were also eating, who learned an infinite lesson of what happened to them and they brought their lives happy and happy like employees, husbands and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I was going to marry a grand and a cute man, and we have those three children.
I have that black laptop and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have to do is never have to have more -- ever, it's a parade that is carrying my head in the hands of someone who says it wants me.
Right now, they're thinking, "Hi, that's fascinating, or "Hey, what dumb I was that was -- but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being harmful or little or they're absolutely excited.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy particular love to break the silence.
And I keep doing this today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just on the silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence just throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the waste to light talking about it with their children, their coworkers and their friends and family.
It turns out your vision of survivors as a fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to interact consciously, to slow down their scale and show the victims a safe support.
Together, we can turn our beds. Our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful ones that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call myself Cambodian Russell, and for a while, I'm model.
For 10 years to be accurate.
And I feel that right now there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like that.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to witness them, I think.
If some of the women will be horrified when they come up, they don't have to say now, but they find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These grandmothers are very uncomfortable -- less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part of this is going to happen for the head, because it's when they go to laugh from me, so they don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surprisingly.
I've changed what they thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend, in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable. And the photographer said to me that I would remember the back and activate the hair of the child.
Of course, except of surgery or an artificial brand like the one that I made two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although superficial and immune, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always make me, but in a row.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say, a capital discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won genetic lottery. I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we also have associated with a high and fourth figure, to family and white skin.
And that's my heritage -- I have been able to leverage it to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that now shows school, and maybe there are some farmers in the fashion that say, wait, there are Namibia, Leader, Joan Westerner.
First of all, the happiness for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York contains each and every one of the models in the past, and from the 67 modern models, only 27 percent, is to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't touch that.
But then what I really would tell each of these girls is why?
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a new international surgeon, and poetry, which would be awesome, because you would be first.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cambodia, I want to be model, then I tell them, I know my boss, I know.
Because I am not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of the American Ving magazine or the CEO of TED or the next Steven Medical.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiovascular surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you have come up with your studies, and you have a curiosity and a little bit of work on your back, no longer matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curiosity said, "No indoor clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all photos are returned.
And yes, they are virtually returning all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what's going on.
This was the first picture that would take me, and also the first time I used a bike, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I put my grandmother together a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a party party a few days before the Friday Voltness photos.
Here I am with my soccer team and in the Vietnam.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creative from a group of professionals, patients, machines, photographers and styles and all their aid and people of sentence and post-conflict, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is do it for free?
I have too many times of 20 inches and I never use, except the last couple of them, but the privilege I get in the real life, and what we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress for free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a driver physicist, and a red person was left in red and, of course, they stopped us, and I was still sorry, and I would hold it to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I lived in New York, and last year, from the 150,000 teenagers who were stood and registered -- 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 175 young black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times would you stop me?
In researching for this talk, I learned that 50 percent of the girls in 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure took to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit warmer and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative and ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what's going on, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever wonder, with a little bit more thin and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They only have to get together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant hair and the room more to fashion but probably are the most insecure women on the planet.
But mostly it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender and when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was older enough to hold a camera, but I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I didn't go and I didn't go to the means that I did.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos -- not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them tourists from the straight.
My story begins when, finding in New York City to give a population, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the 57 and the five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me, why don't you take you to San to New York in a parent trip and keep the ritual?
Here's when we started to ask the tourists that were going to take us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture to deliver the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever had the camera.
And so we were not aware of how much life would change us this journey.
It became something sacred to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old would understand it.
These pictures are much more than representative of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through their eyes and how I perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking down, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed out a red bag of the death store that would love a little bit in previous visitors.
And I described what was five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart beating with force by looking at that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York is universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is the memories.
So, I want to share the idea of participating actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I didn't know in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who took the picture.
So today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and you don't give someone and ask yourself, do you get a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bones are in the most threatening bird group.
First of all, why are they so bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter personalities like mental characters, silly stores, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the resident pen press, applications and assets are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament but I don't accept it.
You don't accept it. You know why?
Because the Parliament members don't keep the environment.  The patients don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly moved on.   You're far away from extension.  And my favorite, the bones have better presence.   There are two kinds of links on this planet.
There are the New World knives that are primarily found in the Americas, like the carbon and the cards and the old World World, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bodies important? First of all, provide ecological services, clean up.
They're our natural trash records.
They cleaned up the bodies to the bone.
They help kill all of the bacteria, they help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them to extend and cause large losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bones, the cards take three to four times longer in description, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The guards also have huge historic importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
Newton was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the cobra simulated, the unit between the High and the Lower Egypt.
In the Higgs mythology. Jacqueles was the bone god, and he risked his life to save the Deception Day of the 10 heads Race head.
In the Tibetan culture, a few very important training to open sky, in places like Tibet, there is no place to bury the dead, or wood to criticize them, so these bones provide a system of natural elimination system.
What is the problem with the works?
We have eight species of borders in Kenya, which six are on extreme threat threat.
The reason is that they're being super-sense, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflict between humans and fantastic -- the passionate communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the bridges are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bones are on the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years away, and the reason is because it falls from the winning consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickine.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India and have taken a stance.
Since there are no bones, there has been a spread in the number of dog dogs in the cards of books, and when you have child dogs, you have a huge time bomb for anger, the number of case cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa, 350 perceptions are going to be above the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible commercial trade to serve the block and the family market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting these birds.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focus on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bodies, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? can you become active, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very uncomfortable creatures -- donated their time to spread the word. Share the word.
When they get out of this room, they were reported on the bones, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the walls.
They're very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed from opinion because he saw them fly without effort, without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much poorer without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professional, my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1975 to 1977, young Library, but I am no longer --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, coast from Mars, Algerian and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we established in Africa failed.
And I was permanently.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did is we put it up.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "When the Zimbabwe was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people Zipcar to grow food.
So we came with Italian seeds in southern Zambia.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help.  We were astonished that local people, in so cold valley, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they were possible to grow nothing -- we just said, "Thank God that we're here."  "Tell me in time to save people in Zambia from the honor" of the honor" of the honor" of the honor" of the honor."
And of course, everything in Africa grew up deeply.
We got these gorgeous tomatoes in Italy, and in Italy, a tomato growing up to this size -- in Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the ships, "Look at how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, map and red, at night to the morning, about 200 hypertenses came from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the bananas "God, "My God, the hypothesis?
And the shared ships said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here.  "Why didn't they say, "I never ask.
I thought only we Italians took mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, we at least feed the hypothesis.
Should you see the waste --  should you see the waste that we gave to the trusted people in Africa.
I want to read a book, read "The Death of Damage" Mary, ever displayed.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
It captures from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are important, collective missions and treat people only in two ways, or the passengers or we are patient.
The two words come from the Latin root "sense" that means "the "bunner."
But they mean two different things.
Patrickates, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children, "I want a lot."
Parliament, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my serious.
That's why the white women in Africa are called "mass, boss.
That book gave me a slap in the face, "The Little is beautiful, written by Soviet, who said for about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be helped -- they used to be the store.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't neuroscience?
I decided at the age of 27 years old by just responding to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never started anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a serious part of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? It stands.
It comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of local.
We don't work from offices.
We got into a cafe. We got into a pub.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we hear them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never support, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what the opportunity have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family family of the company, the business family of the business -- who set up with you in his house, at the table of his kitchen, in the cafe and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making the life.
I started this as a test in Expensive, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this controlled garbage that we came to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can it do that? And I said, "I know something very, very, very hard.
I was starting and heard --   So the government says, "I think the government says, "I think we have done in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying from loneliness.
Peter Grandma, one of the greatest business agencies in history, failed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Dram was philosophy before involved in business, and this is what Peter Dragon says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative company."
Planning is the kiss of the death of business spirit.
So now you have to rebuild Christmas without knowing what the most advanced people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people close to conversation with you.
You have to offer you probably prosperity, privacy, you have to be fantastic to help them, and then you will come up with a mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
Which presentation you have flipped over this morning.
And passionate local people, that's what you have applied.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- "In non-like fossil financial, manufacturing, and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The fear as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nurture -- we cure, we have transmission, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent the technology for green revolution -- universities?
The government -- forget.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an anonymous story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the year of 1860, this group of people got together, and they speculate about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was under -- New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate to bring into the population of New York to the surroundings, they required six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to tackle it.
They were already getting strengthened in standard.  So in 1860, they were revealing this dirty technology that would abstract New York City.
So, what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared 100 automotive manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scales, scans, factories in places.
Deliberate, Michael, Henry Ford series.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer an absolute one, dedicated service, entitiest service.
And then finally, you will have to tell you the truth with about it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three wonderful things -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We never met a single human being in the world that can be done, selling and looking for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is not born yet.
We have research and looking at the 100 companies of the Carlinous world, Westerner, Edison -- all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- just one -- none of us was beginning by one person.
The word "I said, "The Word "Ball" -- 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilities, who come from a little business of small businesses sitting in coffee companies, in bars next to their dedicated deserts who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this expedition, someone who would ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I can't do that."
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-driving, planning and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how many of my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask you to borrow more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams."
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadow to lovers and bullets and soil from centuries and confident in a city.
It always gives music hearts.  There's a disaster in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this led to me a deep gratitude for the lived time and so on.
I read the significant things of my current life.
But I'm sorry to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me go through the day and forget what really important for you.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house in a giant slate and painted on her phrases to competent, "I just die of die."
So the transmission could take a title, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was broken and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before of dying I want to be played by pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty like --  -- "Before of dying I want to sit on the line of factory change?
"Before to die for millions of people."
"You just die, I want to plant a tree.
"You have to die out of the network."
"Before to die, I want to embrace it again.
"Before to die, I want to go to somebody's resource?
"Before to die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at cardboard, and they were delivered -- and they gave me comfort in difficult times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and we scale it up, it's about giving me a head to reflection and pollution, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of missing people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now there are walls in countries around the world, like Karashu, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of disaster, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
death is something we often avoid to talk about, or even think, but I understand that they prepare for death is one of those things that get us more power.
Think about dead death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us cannot help us improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remore is 22 years old, it's high and great.
They don't talk about, but they transmit better than some of the best speakers.
Remore knows what love is.
So I share it unfortunately passes what happens.
It's not a trade. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and they look at this, they've never lied.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, try to make words that I didn't even get away, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very gravitational.
It has the most implanted memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out every single songs of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to stand in my arm during the first episode of the TEDsters and the Court of Lady Gabby.
Don't you find it?
But most people disagree it.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they're often ignored and incompletely.
But what I brought to my heart and strength, my soul was that even if that was the case, although I didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing, which were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "the construction of the terms is a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual it manifests differently, from there that remix is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developmental disorders that increase in the world, there is no cause of any known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I got a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I just lived and laughed at his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars in line around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that would have between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more obvious.
But beyond bees, frustration and hostile hydrogenies, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without predictions, a human being that I had never lied.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that don't want to change for normal.
The normal happens by the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Remore and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- are a gift -- each of us has a gift inside and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for grandchildren, progress and change die at the moment where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit that has been accepted in the country of the Mariascans.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a communication class to engineering students.
I was scared.  Actually, Alberto the students of these students with their great minds, their great books and their great words and their words.
But by developing those conversations -- I felt what Alexander should have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I was just feeling like I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges from energy to environment and health care, between others, and if we don't know what we don't understand about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers can't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question for us to answer, and so what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us just that they study the triangles, but they study the triangles, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat opposite.
And when you're describing your science, careful with the jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "push and temporal, but why not say "purpose and time, which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing as you dumb them.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate your science without competing the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- these are ways of sending and expanding with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget about the signs of "deep."
They've been wondering why they're called "the "construction --  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it goes too much in the area of the language of our brain, and it opened us.
Instead, this example of General Brown example is much more effective, showing that the special structure of the transportations is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, really.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence -- legislatic, that the audience can understand whether you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that beat our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is described.
I think these are just a few key things that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, by all the media, they do it with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Oxford Oxford dictionary is "profitable."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "farmer," it means "profile disasteric."
Even though there was a period of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A intelligent is the one that seeks a public burden no matter patient, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a religious negative monitor."
I have no idea what "profitable means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know you have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Crisis, who faced Parkinson's.
They got in the London Tower and they were graduating, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end had such a popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase "I was a ball of beating beating as the metal" like metal" the metal."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's for a defense of the freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact in, I want to go back to America, just after independence independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was done in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that could have been traded.
Some would like to call it "The World State From State Washington, and others, and other Georges George Washington, and other "profile Leonardo Liberians in the United States Power Library.
Not very attacked.
Some people just wanted to call it "the "donor" service."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with that were monsters, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And there might be service.
The whole world was immensely married because this debate was ready for three weeks.
He read the newspaper of a poor sentiment, and he always wrote, "I have this subject.
What caused the portrait and the time was that the California House was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be able to be power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether I gave him or his subject ideas.
So, I'd like to give you the most modest title, more inspiring and more destinating than they were going on.
And that title was "Paradise."
President. They didn't invent the title already, but they just meant "Caribbean that President a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravity than the term "comparison, or "supply."
There were emergency presidents of small colonial accounts and government failure, but it was really a influenced title.
And so the Senate is found.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to be treated and returned with foreign diagnostics."
"And who will take serious with a title as ridiculous and inspiring as the president of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate not collapsed.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been released by the President's degree.
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you might have been waiting for 28 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave with, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to disappointment, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of breakthrough air vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have hit the grandmother title ...
So I won the Senate at the end.
They got their penicillin title.
And also the other concern of Senate, the signature appearance -- well, it was a uniqueness at the time.
But you know how many nations are there presentative?
And it all wants to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate Sandy and the Carnegie Cameron Cameron, because no one is going to feel humility when you tell them that they're now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually the modern reality much more the words that they might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of surface bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk to you, but above all, that capital of male and stones set with primitive tools.
As the others, I carry a cheap light of light attached to the head with this algae and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
I was released my hand and suddenly I remember a minute I met days before, which lost control and fell countless feet in that period.
While I talk to you today, these men are at the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying any reward, and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only explosion at the Canada Peace Cubic.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a British interview the Superman, a NGO who dedicated to eradicating modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not such a grade.
When we ended up talking to myself, I felt very bad, honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attractive of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
And I was made a nose the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Deleter director of the Saturn and offer my help.
This is how my journey was to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some of them, even I consider them my second home.
But this time, selling dirty trades.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people slavery in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole treatment of transportation slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
And yet, today, you can enslave entire families for generations by neurons by 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been fooled with false good education promises and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Now slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those people are desperate.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick boats.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Indian Hungarian.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women -- children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy block of dust, and they stack mechanically brick in their head, up to 18 at the time, and take them from the hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
So destined by the monkey and the consciousness work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no parasites for eating and no drink, and the severe short display would be quite integrating.
So perfectly performed were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and I stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the bottles I wanted to cry, but the ambulance that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Look, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I explained very clearly that design emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to rely on the Sharin and work inside the system by his liberation and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart straight.
In the Himalayas, I found kids traveling stones for miles for mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting at the bottom.
Those big plans were more heavy than children who were running them, and kids were holding them to their heads with categories of sticks, ropes and deaths.
It's hard to see something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so incongregenner, but so inconsistent."
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages recruited their freedom, the slave scanners nano nano-shocked their houses.
By hearing the word scanned -- we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global awareness I would warn that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was struck by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by a few Angelina stairs that would give this dirty basement, of the search basement, fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a black.
It was rather a restaurant.
Replicatorial, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms, where the slaves are with their girls and children, some of the only seven years, are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and shark, identified by a painting number on the wall and divided by a baseball and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse in their clients.
From foot in the pressure, I remember feeling a fear of a hot string and at that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be going to be caught in that hell.
I just had a supermarket, the stairs.
There were no dead doors.
There were no big enough windows to bring it out.
Those people don't have any scale and, because we play a subject that is so difficult -- it's important to point out that slavery even the sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people hiding in agriculture, restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens for it, but we don't see it.
The textile is another activity that we often relate to the labor of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were the whole families in the silk trade.
This is a family portraits.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue and the red, of their children.
They mix in these big bars and turn the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the texture is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
We don't have freedom, they said.
"We hope, though, can come out of this house one day and go somewhere else where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children who are stored in the Voltnest lake, the largest artificial lake of the world.
When we arrived, I was going to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family on a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, make sense right?
mistake. They were all scanners.
Kids are separated from their traded families, disappeared and forced to work extra golfs in these boats in the lake -- despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat was coming down, it was the subject that his little canoe was embarrassing.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the branches in the supermarket trees in Lake often catch networks and children, faces and fear with fear, they throw into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are born.
Since it remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and like the whole life has been treated with crossing, critical deals with younger slaves under their face.
I met these guys at the age of five in the morning, when the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
At night and selling.
And it tends to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're packed with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kome.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where he was 3D that supplies the restaurants of slavery.
Kofi simulated as possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in your life?
They were driving through a road in Ghana with the Bill Patent Societies, a latent company with his motorcycle suddenly accelerating and supporting our car and touched the window.
It asked us to follow it on a road road to the forest.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then he pointed out this press just visible and said, "This is the path -- this is the way. Come on.
As we started to go down, we took the subjects that blocked the way, and after walking about one hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we were discovering in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the standard path ended up opening up in a clear, and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a soccer field, and all of them were filled with sleeping workers.
A lot of women had kids strapped to their backs, and while they were looking for gold. They would walk on sensory waters with metropolitan.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These moments are enslaved in a pit in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the beach they were started in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritating, since many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people carrying heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they kill the stone so that they can extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and virtual men but if you look closer to the margin -- we see other people working at least fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the metaphor for mercury in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, her uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manhattan would inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines, 14 years and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that the doctors said it should be additional.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and you don't get to that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
And yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists like Bill the Saturn, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give you testimony of them and we'll do everything that we could to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines -- they're from people, real people, like you, and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think of these beautiful people, harmonics, that I've had the great honor to meet.
So I hope that these images take a force in which you see it, in people like you, and I hope that that force will fit a fire and that fire shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math applications, and there's a peculiar problem for which it makes it, we're like management consumption.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I try to tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We dislike the virtues of the ballet and the class dancers -- we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial character that can have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroyed this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Saturday, who, in his time, was a visual dance visit.
In the last few years it's been involved in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, textures, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there's actually a cure is going to be when we have a objective and a central market.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other movements of the movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological test of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside clinical trials, they're never done. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic, what if patients could do the exam themselves.
You don't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a conventional way to try it, you see, in some sense at least, we're all virtues like my friend Jane Saturn.
This is a video of the victim of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you get sound by talking, and we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ball, because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed -- the Facebook, for example.
And like the ball, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about the time that leads to a child learning to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and as the Parkinson's affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
You can see on the bottom of the bottom of the bottom of the board of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
They shake vocal shaking and weakness and record.
The discourse becomes more quiet and applianced after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare to the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, they're both not invisible.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Well, but the exhibitions based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be an introduction.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
It's the minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something makes a cost so low, it appears on the massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address it.
We can reduce the logistics of the patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine chicken.
With high frequencies we could get objective data.
We could make mass mass record for clinical trials, and for the first time, fluides on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biotechnologists of disease before it's too late.
So when you give me the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Portugal Institute of Parkinson's.
Together to Alaska and Parliament, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached three percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.
What do you get from these samples?
Max Lincoln: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MO: You see, some people may not be going on. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for mirror factors to search for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 80 percent accuracy right now.
MO: Much more than that.
In fact, my student TEDTalks, I have to pain, has done a fantastic job, and now he has shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which is what the project is. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: New and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MO: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Libera, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom Tom.
Before March 2011, I did pictures in New York City.
We are feed creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in closest rooms, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the stronger models even more thin -- the perfect skin is still more perfect -- we do the impossible and possible, and they criticized us in press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly time later, an organization where it was voluntary. There was Honor Voltnesh, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Western.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the presentation of the Apollo of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The regional water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles into the inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We got rid of the channels and the ships.
We clean up schools, and we take the houses ready to be renewable and religious.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, algorithms, power of the local factory.
We tested and loved it.
For weeks, both the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cards and shelf shops.
Everybody did the same thing.
They would pick up and take them to different places of the villages around to keep them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered with.
As it comes from the wave, and to save his lives, they had to abandon all they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village electronics center.
He helped clean the common toilets the big, giant bars.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the airplane center picked up the photos.
They took them and I had the honor that that day trusted me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was going through my horizons.
By looking at the pictures, I found some who had over a hundred years some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that track and repair that record and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to challenge the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strategic, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had to fix with a lot of precision and definition.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the strategic picture.
Over the course of time, they came to the more photos of the time, and they needed more retrofitting so it went back on Facebook and Linka and five days later 80 people of 12 countries offered to help.
At the end of two weeks I had 150 people who were desperately underground.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Richard, a neighborhood town north of Mars.
Once we were using our scanner in the library photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they took to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the substance of the photos.
I could take a hour. I could make weeks of weeks.
I could take months out.
This little girl had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail, the water had not destroyed water.
It took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these subjects supplies in sale water, blocks of bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of it along with the time step continues to destroy it, so clean up was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean and dry and had been recognized by his owner.
We were lucky with the clean player.
We have a saving neighbor guide.
It's very easy to give more the photos already down.
As West once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to the photos.
He had started to clean herself up but he stopped to realize that I had even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild it, we could put the images into a single photo and pick up the whole picture.
When I picked up his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues from her husband found the pictures in a book station between the rubble pretty far from where he used to be his house, but his colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the concert of closing the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the services were sound.
Her small children, not so small now, but his two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her pictures his youngest son turned 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look at, something that I could remember from the past that had not been labeled for that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,500 volunteers had joined there Harvard hundreds of them helped us to clean up more than 13,000 photographs -- the great majority --  -- the great majority of their owners from their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world were helping us to give up 90 families and hundreds of hundreds of photos that are totally resident and returned.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear it.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take -- but the first thing we would come back for.
This was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is given to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also makes a big difference in the life of reproductions.
Some of them connected to something bigger -- to give up something, using their talent for something that are not a perfect skin model.
To finish I'd like to read this email eliminate -- I sent it the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I refused, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, contained me, because a similar picture of my family, my grandmother -- my mother, I and my daughter, named my wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Apple Asian.
Doug Edinger inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that cuts a apple on an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a billion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photography -- the feeling -- a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow camera in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that can see behind the rings, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-ray rates, and really challenging the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and you put it and put it into a billion of a second, or it is, in several fertilizers to create a painting package of just a millimeter wide.
And that picture of photons -- that bullet is going to travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this picture of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons take into this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in the slow camera?
Now, all of this --    -- remember all this happens in less than a nano-here is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't apply this research.  And so many things in this movie, I will trigger this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle, with a package of photons that start to go through it, and that, inside, start to displace.
Part of the light goes on, goes to the table, and we started seeing these disasters.
Many of the photons finally get to the table and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflects at the top of the top, you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several blocks that the reflective reflects are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and ordinary bullet and we make it go the same distance and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much think it would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie  from a slow stop.
And how about to prove with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are activated from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, from a feature at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tank, you will realize that, as light gets thrown off of the tomato -- it's still brilliant.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the red light in its inside and goes back after several billions of seconds.
In the future, when this fire is in his phones, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
So what do we create this camera at MIT.
As photographers -- you know, if we take a low picture, it enters very little light.
But we are going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just get some light.
We sent that bullet out of that paper, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very active synchronize, we took those gigabytes of data, and we put them consumed to create those fears that I showed you.
We can take all those data into crude and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a higher future would allow him to see after the rings?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Remore, go into the room, one part is going to be reflected on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple lights of light.
It's not science fiction. We have built it.
On the left is our female.
Behind the wall there is a herd and we reuse light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Company."
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our fishing, has unique capacities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects but we don't know what point it is to be the distance.
When you project a laser you can record a picture in grandmother, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we take a lot of images like this, and dozens of images, we put them together and try to analyze the multiple restrictions of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction of it.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build nutrients able to see the inside of the body by adding open, and the same thing for cardiovascular.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood -- this is quite difficult, so this is actually a asking scientists to start thinking about mechanism as a new modalities of visualization to solve the problems of imagination in the next generation.
So as David Edingers, he was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of photographers crowded.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow cameras and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But here's something funny as well.
If you look at the waves under the table, they get away from us.
waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have weird effects, and Einstein would have loved this image.
The order of the events in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding speed of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, you can go to South Solidarian and make famous.
All of this is possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a chip from 1984 and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were wandering for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people were meeting that they were looking for a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a cell phone here?
Let's get it.
Raise your mobile phone, lies.
Let's get the one on Legos, a Blackberry, a Blackberry: Wow.
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my mobile phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Barning data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006 the E.U. Commission presented a director.
The database.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider across Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends a email to who who shows.
Who sends him a text.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in his phone company or its Internet prosperity.
And all across Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data return.
We want the service in the digital era and we don't want the telephone to have the Internet providers and the Internet producers store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, profiles, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin, and they said, "Please, don't fear them?
And some even said this would be the Stage 2.0.
The Stanford was the secret police of Germany.
And I also asked me if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Delibert Tellaura, who at that time, was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please get me all the information that you had about me.
I was asked once, and I went back to ask him, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah response.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delibert Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information that I had.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the performance for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly thing on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Trade and five thousand dollars of information little lines.
I first saw them and I said, well, it's an enormous archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical -- what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I stand at night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show you the people what the data resource means.
So, next to Ze Opera and Open Dave City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom in and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from France to Colorado, and what often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little bit scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one calls the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate between each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to you, who gives you a email to who, this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who involved in this protest, and if the Stanford had known who the leaders were, this would never happen.
The each of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And as a result, neither of the Higgs curtain.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the self-interest and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But you have to fight for self-interest.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century, and it's not going to be past.
When they go home, they tell their representation that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that are serving you to remember that you have to fight for self-interest in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
I call myself Mars Zapha, and I'm not serving, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions -- antibiotic to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so I put it all the time.
Look at it.
It's electronic. I'm like a mirror of Shanghai.
and then Muhammad A.
The P, CO2 is not genetics.
It's not hard to be contained.
No one misses the uterus of my mother and I didn't hire it, because my parents were brothers, although they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disabled.
We go from walk.
Barbarian Valley, are in the commercial center, driving in circles in search for parking parking and what?
16 empty places for disability.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little bit of a disposable?
Also, I say, I have 99 problems, and the P, C, it's just one of them.
There is a owner of the operation, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestine, Muslim, woman, disability and living in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Kanzi, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same starts.
I also love that if I want to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy, don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "You can."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do that, dancing cancer."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I clean up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents would lead to the school system and make sure that I was also going to go out, and if we didn't get all of the wrong note we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the next five years putting my bags on his feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The stress that I carried inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten of childhood walks like a bag campaign that has received many stores.
When I grew up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabs -- and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would be used to use "The Muslims.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be worried a lot about hunger during the breast.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so I would take from the dawn of the sunset is very easy.
Balaniu taboo in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Brooklyn, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with magical, or I can walk with magic.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using magic, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine all the summer, we became Mars.
In the summer holidays often my father was trying to save me, so I drank milk milk -- put me hot balls on my back, I was diving in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Mary, it works?
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga I was a station of statistics that couldn't stand on a foot of feet.
And now I can hold it in your head.
My parents would give up this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.N. State University of Arizona, because it was going into all of them.
It was like the male light of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the wrong note in my classroom, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the glass collapse, my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the UNCE decided to make a work called Babbage very slow in Japan.
It's a piece of a girl with brain parasits.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming at the four winds, "The End will have a role.
I have cerebral parameters."
At the end of the field at the end of the field."
Thank God the companions in the end, I'm free?
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to William Brown.
I went to the director of the theater department of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, to ask me why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Oh, if I can't do the risk stunts -- it can't be the character.
It was a paper that I literally had been born and gave it to an act without cerebral parasits.
College was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a selection of acting activists without disability for disabled paper.
By the way, I went home and I went home, and my first academic tour was kind of extra in a television.
My dream was true.
And I knew it would be approaching "making," "California friendly, in a sanitation.
Instead, I was there as a vase -- I didn't see myself more than the cloud, and it was obvious to me that the report guidelines don't hire gorilla, not white, with disability.
Just hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at William Gold, Rosetta Barbor, Elles, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy.
So I made a humor.
In my first tour, I took famous friends from New York to New Jersey to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first book that he took when I was going at high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had cerebral parasits.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censor and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first months of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Osterhap, and I launched the Antarctica of the ancient New York City Festival now in his 10.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the self-interest in the media and then remind them to the representation director that surgeries and Arabic are not synthetic.
And integrating Arabs was much easier than fighting against the challenge of the desperation of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program with Keith Orberton.
I went into a graduate dance dance, dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Oh, can you give me another single side?
She looked at me and said, "Mary, four, three, dollar?
And we were live.
So I went to the presentation desk to not go out of the screen during the sex, and when I finished the interview, I was played.
At the end I had my opportunity and the destiny -- I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Orbit came back to invite me, but it was like a full-time participation, and I put my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Orberrow was that people on the Internet are screened.
The children are said that children are crossing, but they never fall away from me or the older one.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a brown object.
You see clips online, like, "Why are you tested?"
"Is it back to me?"
And my favorite, "People bombsightening bomb.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear about it.
A convenient suggestion is even going to add my disability to my corruption, busy, company, parachute.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Berno, then Boy can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disability are last -- yeah, clapping. We go.
The disability is the largest minority in the world, and the most exercised in the world of entertainment.
The doctors say not walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My journey journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to came up with the red carpet flowing by the diamond of the Telescopes Lust Lucy and the London Arms Cancer.
I came to act on a film with Adam Sandrie and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Mattheles.
Recording the world working "The Arab has become crazy."
I was delivered in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded "The Middles Children, a baby organization to give kids Palestinian refugee a neighborhood of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and he gave this talk to his memory.
["So in peace, dad.
I call myself Mars Zambia, and if I can. You can also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a small town south of Somalia.
This village is near Mozart.
Secret drives the little village to poverty and the edge of starvation.
Without anything to him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mozart, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspectives.
He ended up living on a tent in the city to the outskirts of Mozart.
After maybe a year, nothing.
A day is approached by a gentleman who offers him to launch it, then to dinner, to drop.
I know a dynamic group of people, which gives him a destiny.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothing, money to send home home, his family.
They present a young lady.
He finally got married.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, a bomb car.
That child from that little village with dreams of the great care was suicide terrorism, and that dynamic group of people were to the Simon, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how did the story of a child of a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him immunicant with him in the city with him information?
He was waiting for him.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call "the specific period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marriages, young unemployed urban people who described riots in Johnson describing riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the "worth" of waiting."
For young people, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the stage of waiting, the gateway of access to terrorism.
And in my city of birth, Mozart, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Mozarton, last month, and I went to visit the Malaya Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember being at that hospital and the balanced hospital to think about, and if I never had it?
What if I had been forced to be in that same "sense of waiting?"
Would I have become terrorists."
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mozart, that month was actually to help a few juvenile leaders in a corporate current.
It gathered about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
And we sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alzheim.
He went to the University of Milkya, and he graduated graduate.
I had no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because I was a graduate college college, frustrated, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited with.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to come from point A to B is the streets.
Several years of civil war have completely destroyed the entire system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And he saw an opportunity and the leadership.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started keeping motors to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 molecules, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of motorcycle for the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this different story?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the entrepreneurial spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the started to expect.
I promise young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately despite.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mountains, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people at the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in more than 22 years, and until Mongolia arrived, if you wanted flowers to your wedding. We were on plastic sent from the abroad.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw flowers from fresh?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "Nothing."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
They started a company of floating and designed design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Molas, and he started growing steps and limitations, which said they could survive the hard weather of Mozart.
And he started the delivery of flowers for boundaries, creating gardens in the homes, and the city companies -- and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Mozart in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, "I smell the presentation rolls.
By the way, he didn't grow laughter because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mount had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs, that they might be a change.
For the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that the city faces.
They did business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a corporate spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put it into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Monterey is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace park, that's how I call it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
You can hire kids from the street to help rent and keep the monkeys to him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the parameter of the stage of the waiting.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, you turn young people in entrepreneurs and innovate and feed their inherent innovation, and they have more stories on flowers and parks of the Peace than cars and "making of waiting."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to my dad in the Mountains Allessenism, an area in the north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The penny forest.
The sun was making the leaves like an air, and not going to be the way we followed -- we almost could pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We came to our camp.
It was a content in a risk with a beautiful critical lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a balance, about four square feet with apple hearts with portrait hairs of aluminum pounds and old category.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The partners who were too lazy to get out what they had traded, who thought it was going to clean their balance?
That question followed with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our balance?
No matter how you organize or where you put the "the "construction," who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Cup of Santa clean our balance, at 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that care?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intriguing.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash.
Now not just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And I operated the mechanical speeds and born the snow.
It was a privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong for you to get used to each other.
It costs a lot of used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept attending the weight of taking their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Laboratory of Laboratory Stars, waste harvesting is one of the ten most dangerous operations in the country, and I learned why.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you're going to go around you.
They just want to go, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible harm.
I also learned about the impression of garbage.
When you get out of the top, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste ratings are the most important work hand in the city streets for three reasons.
They're the first producers of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste and effective ways every day, this starts to fall out of their contents and their inherent dangers that threaten us in very real ways.
illnesses that we had controlled for decades and centuries back to break and start down.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for the new thing, so the engines of the economy begin to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal your relationship.
And then it's what I call our average speed necessary.
I mean just at the speed of which we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about us, and we don't get represented, we clean or take with us our coffee cup of coffee, our balloon bag -- our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them out, we forget about them, because we know there's a job force on the other side that will be going on.
So today I want to suggest a couple ways of thinking about the resolution of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost literally.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you would expect.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us to save ourselves from our own waste, our restaurants, our resistance, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the farm of a waste gathering truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as he did all the Wednesday looks at the look.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just associated, and he said, "Let's be okay.
We're going to be okay.
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste harvesting and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paulo, we worked together a lot of times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reconcile the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have all the costs, even human cost very real in the labor of labor.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about trash -- represent three percent of the number of waste waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see to someone whose job is to clean up the trash of you, they think of a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you so much.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life to form part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the local conditions and traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects today as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, and my team and me, about what we had to design to.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out right?
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to support them.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to make a lot of energy because the condition with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so it takes a lot of control.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a row to treat a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really controlled with the old market, which is this structure in the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers every day.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a building, of several floors, apply these principles.
The next challenge is presented by installing the site, which is located in a lot of a lot growth in the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, there is no exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing that we did was we created a connection between these two streets, all the entries of the building.
And this extends with an astronomers that creates a free air space in the building that are automatically, in its own form, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution to respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a penguin cartoon with penguins to allow the entrance to the air, and also of the light, but in a leaked way.
And then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons of the tumors of the tricks.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little prevalence pieces that are the windows that let the air pass and light in a way controlled into the inside of the building.
This is combined with these little colors of colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
So with these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we ask.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall of the mall because ultimately there was more local to sell.
And then the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy publicity for the building in a city where electricity was cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage to putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about ceiling as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these portraits in the roof, which is together collecting water for the health in the inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go for the fifth floor.
The second example is a teaching plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest that I have designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the medication, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was expand the existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and characteristics that there is in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards in Europe.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this moves the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little project of the project, like the apartment -- as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the medical climate.
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we overcome a scheme that makes sure most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards and then in the lower plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians in it.
And it also responds to local norms that established greater density in higher levels and dense density in the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retreating the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can climb up and socialize, and make such activities like running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping out of one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes the communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment, and that have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable as all the new girls.
I had large amounts of hair very bright and a small little little little little little little little little pencils -- it was super strong for the capital capital of the states, very good for the reporter.
I ended up that year and I was full of chests, until I took my singing silver.
I took a day after the school coming out of school. I was a little late and hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was struggling, she went out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the graduate book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just a few.
All of them.  And I apologize to giving the book to the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, it runs the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all rows of it and myself a row of this, just for being there. Because I could.
I'm still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It's that everything was completely obvious.
I never discovered me.
But above all, I was struck by the reason why I was bothered that this little girl -- so small, it was so good for urgent.
I was intrigued with chips.
They're so mysterious and so perfectly.
We know that babies suffer from chests.
The primates. The blue birds are very promise.
We know that chips are the number one cause of grain murders in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novel is like the lab in which they study the codes in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no charts, there would be no literature.
Because there would be no Heli-American that would not have been "death."
There would be no childhood king or "The 1,000 and a night?
There would be no Shakespeare.
They went out of the high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The Robert and the Force, there would be not "The Woody and "Forget" not "In "In "All Bergen," and "Beauty K.
Without chests, there is no princes, I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the chips, almost all of them.
This year, 100 years away from his master work, "In looking for the long-term study of sexual chairs, and also of the ordinary competition, my God, everything we could have.  And thinking about Princeton, we have the sensitive details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a massive ghost in you of barrier.
We forgot how hard that picture is.
We forgot how impossible it is.
That is, it's about books that Virginia Wilson said was as hard as cat crash.
I don't know what the cat wheat is, but we assume it's supernatural.
Let's see why they are so good together, the novel and the chests, the chairs and the Prize.
Is it going to be very obvious like the chairs, which are reduced to the person, their wish, their impatients, are a very solid narrative base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel classrooms.
When we feel classrooms, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time as storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details it would rise, to close the knife -- right?
The chairs make us all amateur novels, and that's something that I thought I understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And he starts telling himself that story, and since then, I thought I said that every fresh love that Stephen detects in his lover -- he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Stephen and Princet, were notoriously childhood.
You know, the professions would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so cold to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The chairs are embracing.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the chairs?
The chairs are nutritious of information.
The chairs use the details.
The chips like the big amounts of bright hair, and the cute and the small and small store.
The chests are nursed from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  -- probably linked the academic language of the collapses.
When Stephen is in his color airplane, you suddenly hear behind the doors and bribe the services of his lover and then stop those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replicated, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a monitor."
He says, "I have scientific research with real intellectual value.
Protection is trying to prove that the chairs are impossible and they make us seem absolutely, but in their peak, they are search for knowledge, the truth of truth, a real painful truth. In fact, what they do is the more painful, the better.
pain, humor, loss -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Princeton.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffering, causes us a range of feelings much more profound and vital than a man wise that can be interested in us.
Are we telling us that we're going to look for crime women.
No. I think it's trying to say that chips give us to ourselves.
And there's some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such a peculiar intensive.
Freud wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young woman who was consumed with the idea that his wife would deceive it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't focus on what his wife did.
Because she was naive, everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing it, inventional behaviors.
The smile of small smiles -- or accessible to a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the quality of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels really describe how the chairs make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the chairs lead us to do violent acts or illegal act.
The chairs propelled us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan of 52 years old was captured by creating a false account on Facebook since he was sent to empty messages -- horrible to itself, for a year.
A year. All one year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his eye explosion, I have to confess that when or this, they react with administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What big, even though unfortunately, creativity, right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patient Highway.
Hyperhopen is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
This is "the automation of "The Training, and "The Taliban Mr. Richard, books that are about how the cheese consumers, and once we are on the sphere, in the kingdom of the chairs, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be permanent at a moment.
Take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Richard is going to want or want what you have to get away from you and put them from what you ever had, and it's under the floor, and I respond to your name, you take your rings, you touch your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rick.
I can't give you all the world, as much as I would like.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in times of classrooms.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the envy -- right?
The novels, show us the sale -- I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters are always doing when they're not sure, when they are at a mystery.
Let's go to 18th of Baker Street and asked by Silicon Hollywood.
When people think about Household, they think about malware in the Marshall Professor -- that criminal genius.
But I've always been privileged -- "The Lester Institute of Rachel Garden rat that he needs House desperately needs Hollywood genius, but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar ...
Lester needs his help, but I respected it, and he breaks with a board in the each of the mysteries each other.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Advance of the Six Nature] once, once Hollywood goes in, I go out of all with his solution. Let's go back to Hollywood and says, "We're not jealous, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you.
And he says that there is no person at School Garden who didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood in history. I look like this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat chips as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a Hollywood minute is the opposite side of Lesters.
The next minute is the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could you still be so simple.
What if the chairs are actually a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can tune with it.
But I like contemporary plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Only the fiction.
The fiction used the dominant, I invited them to the table.
And look at what I added, the sweet Russian Rose, the terrifying Tom Rick, the Spanish School, the same Mars Princet.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Alexander went out of the Apollo 11 Museum, and he came up with the Rotten Sea.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but their presence in the surface of the surface is the culmination of a convincing collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo One.
But before the Apollo program finally, 24 men traveled to the moon.
David walked over his surface, which Alexander after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They don't bring a lot of turn, 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would prevent later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that the President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John Fille: Kenya." Some questions, why is the moon?
Why will we turn it into our goals?
And they might also ask, why do you climb the highest mountain of mountain?
35 years ago, why do I fly over the Atlantic, 35 years ago.
Why do I play Rice against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Poles," for the contemporary contrasts, was not just a victory of the West on the East War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was the most strong emotion of the transformation of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tribes.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the policy is eradicated.
Technology seemed to do what Alvin Turkey in 1970, called "profitable "purpose."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a candle ship -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 crew to 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that the technology will solve as going to Mars, create clean energy, create cancer, or feed the world population seem to have been interpreted results.
I remember seeing Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that they don't look at the called thing called the Chap Saturn County.
I knew that this would be the last mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that "Self-deathous happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists had been distracted and entertained with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sell.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is an explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you have created less ambitious companies than the years that are funded in Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Generation.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs to business.
Silicon Valley says that venture investment causes the creation of transformative ideas, by financial problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains a lot of what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their left point without worrying about the risk, they would prefer small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CO2 has always had problems to invest with technology in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term, have never invested in development of technology to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular and that would never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomechanics. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biomedical.
We want power sources of alternative energy that can be competing in price.
Now, the technologists and the entrepreneurs and the economists agree on what policies and international treaties are inventing the development of alternative energy, most of a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the price of the coal.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technology, they don't be going to be.
We know for the time that famine is result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like collision or systems for storage and food, but there will be famine.
Finally, the big problems sometimes get a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1975, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only over the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- the political leaders and the population must want to be able to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, they should be really trying to really be a technological problem, and we need to understand them.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, meets with those criticisms.
But it's a critical model in the future.
We're not in 1964.
There is no gardener competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy that herself and the dangerous thing, and there is no popular mythology of science science like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even collecting any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become climates of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a rectangle, there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third one is a task, we should recover the trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappeared."
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I encourage myself to think that it may have gone in some activities or institutions, and that might have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that the trust has decreased.
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who are disappeared 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same display.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago, they continue to be quite reliable 20 years ago, and they still have to be quite reliable 20 years ago.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half the way.
But is this good enough evidence?
What the opinion polls are recorded are of course, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What they look at is the generic attitudes that people are working when they ask certain questions.
Does it trust the politicians?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you get in the loss?
Do you rely on fisheries?
Do you rely on primary professionals?
You probably start to ask, "To do what?
And that would be a very sensible response.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust a few, but in other people."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deploy trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like for a certain kind of publisher, working or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I rely on a certain primary teacher that I know to give the reading class, but in no way to drive the school microphone.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more literally to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in the more abstract way?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to open the good inherent judgment in fact to trust something or in somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would preserve.
I aim to have more confidence in what is to deserve trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who gave up their savings with the very closely called Mr. Mattheils, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too trust.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent target in this life.
Described or denied consideration, that's the right target.
Once you say, you say, yes, it means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a sense of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they are forgetting.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible but extremely destiny.
If it is, I haven't been permanently.
But that's what we're looking for?
The trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build feedback systems for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative role than you hold the long on the long."
And we find the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the feedback system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness. And the consequence tests is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is the work of the people who have to make difficult tasks, like the parameters, tell them that the "manipula the categoric of the boxes as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more considerable, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and transfer the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- what is not done properly.
Third, the task.
It would call the task rebuild the trust, put things into the region.
I suggest that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- ultimately, it's distinctive because they give us other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be afraid that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effective.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give you no explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them by the color that I want.
That's great. Trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good test that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end of the end, I think what we're pointing is not something very hard to discuss.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we've been going to show us to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world on the screen that imagination can be disappeared.
This separation has been reduced, and more and more and more, so much of it is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers, right?
I started imagining what it would be.
I first created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong open against the screen is going against the screen its physical body to forest.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool, the barriers are broken.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
At the division of Microsoft applied from Microsoft, along with my mentor Carnet Bosnia, I sold the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
They combine a transparent bombsight with camera camera to detect the fingers and the face, now you can lift the hands of the keyboard, get into the inside of the 3D space, and grab it directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, selection is as easy as a book of a shelf.
You can bend the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is down from every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the paper, and make the digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and put things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual trial on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a nearby device in your head or transition when the system understands your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future be like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Israel and my collaborator, Redwear Pole, created this only physical shoulder.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D shop in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplify, what we did was we analyzed gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors detected.
And when you program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means human movements can recording and go back and forth forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically contaminated cortex, and at distance and famous take from Michael Jordan you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike monitoring or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without we have to discover our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hungaria, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they create firmly that there was just a central path to happiness, a safe job and right back.
No matter whether the job would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer here.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the actions, so I tried everything I could to go to the school of opera school.
I was writing the school director and the presentation of a radio program.
But no adult would thank you the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years old, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream will never be done.
feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to find another volume.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It will take the books.
["So Companies, from Sandyinga -- "The High-level Texture" -- I came to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese friendly life.
And it's not properties.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation.
"Marine" I said, "It's so different, and much better than it."
So it became my tool to get out of this convey train and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture was also given to my comparative reading habit.
I brought a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I came to it that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to fields of research as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading the books of two.
You can treat people -- ["Storicalian Francisco, from David Michael who were involved in a same speed, or friends with shared experiences.
For Crisis, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha are all psychological psychologists, the water, fear and the social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
["After film from Church Trose, Thomas Marshall -- Alan Watson instead of losing in the tradition, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "The Chinese in Chinese literally means "The Rather quickly, Ja.
And "manipula" in Chinese, literally means "The mother."
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know not to go back to feeling or immediately.
Having a destiny dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a destructive dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to the books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books are always accepted.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s I saw my first personal psychology.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Ali.
And Alex walked into the first session using valves and a hole towel, he took into the couch of my office and he took the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with the men.
When I heard this, I felt so advertised.
My classmates had a pyramid as a first client.
And I got a prescribe I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't do it.
With the shadowy stories that Alex brought to the sessions, he made me easy to just move the head while we got back the solution.
"The 300 is the new pigeons, he said, Alex, and so I saw it, she was right.
You start working later, you get home after it, you have children later, until the death happens later.
For varieties like Alex and I had time to dream.
But shortly afterwards, my survival press me to push Alex to talk about his loved life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Oh, he's coming out with the guys under his category, he accesses with a hole head, but it's not like I was going to marry him."
And then my supernovae said, "I mean, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best time to work on Alexander marriage is before you get married.
This is what psychologists call a "mineral moment.
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 in Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign denial was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loved life, but for race, families and future flags everywhere.
There are 50 million vegetables in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one gets to the adult without spending before the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the vegetables here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with vegetables, love a vegetable, I remove a slippery, I want to see. All right. Imagine, the truth really matters.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at the age of 35 years.
This means eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments -- "The form of their life will have happened for when they have 30 and so on.
People from more than 40 -- they don't get to panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they win.
We know more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its 20s and represents for adult, which means that if there is something that you want to change from yourself, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality.
The 20 is the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment when your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vegetables are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes in the line of the adult.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists had a ridiculous name to the vegetables like "diagnosis, and "Starvation."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial thing that actually is the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernard said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think that happens when you give you a pink on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life."
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and nothing happens absolutely nothing.
And then every day, intelligent vents, interesting like you or your children and daughters get to my office and say something like that, "I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You're saying that as a race starts a career before 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 is for finishing and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curiosity the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the chain game.
They all run and they were fun, but then at some point around 30, the music was applied, and they all started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the vegetables here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme but not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s -- there's a huge pressure to the 300, and so many of you start a career, pick a city, pick a mate, and have two or three children in a much smaller period of time.
Many of these things are not comparable, and there are research that start to show that it's much more difficult and stressed to do everything in the time to the 1930s.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give her a brother to your son.
A lot of the trades and concerns see themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the vegetables are doing and think.
Here is a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you couldn't even decide, so I spent the last few years working as a member.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, which showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though about 20 very difficult lives, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she was lifted up by saying, "You don't choose his family, but he can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma had put his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for director, and he had spent the whole morning hanging out with his many contacts but then he was looking at the empty space that followed after the words "In emergency case, please call me ...
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say, "Yes."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really was worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decade decided of Emma was going on.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all variety of me or man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I said to Emma that he forgot about that identity crisis and got identity capital.
By identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to its person.
Doing something that's an investment in what you want to be next.
I didn't know the future of the Commission career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interior, that you want to test it.
I'm not tearing the venture exploration, I'm tearing out the exploration that shouldn't count, which is not exploration.
It's programmed.
I said to Emma who would explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are superior.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport to the airport, but the vegetables who are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will come out almost always comes from their closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called weak financial lines of their friends.
Yes, half the vegetables have a bad job or they have no work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way we color this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, meeting the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose his family, but I know his friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vents, I was going to soon pick his family, when he has a partner and her own family.
I said to Emma that time to choose his family had come.
You might think that the 30 is better age to sit head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But choose the person that you live with now, or you get stuck now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means to be as intentional in love as you're at work.
Choice your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it will work or kill time with which it is to pick them up to you.
So what about Emma?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend, with which he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special organization of events in museums.
This house with a man who chose consciously changed.
I love her new career, I love his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "They work the emergency contact spaces aren't big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with verbs.
It's very easy to help them.
The vegetables are like planes coming out of the airport of Los Angeles, who come out somewhere in the West.
Just before the latent, a slight advertise in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in First.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25, even at the age of 20, a good conversation, a good design, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next few years or even the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the vegetables that I know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege to say to viruses like Emma every day -- the speakers are not the new 20, they leave their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak connections, they nominate your family.
They didn't let me define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very graphic job in a hospital consultant for a work that was even more excited, the documentary.
I went to teach mathematics students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
You give them tasks.
When the work went back, I calculate grades.
What struck me was that the C. was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of you who had a better performance didn't have a foot of C. standards.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are hard, proportions, decision, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the C. but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn rationally and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Pot.
We tried to predict what chains stay in military training and who will be released.
We went to the Delays National College and we tried to predict what children go as far as possible in the competition.
Do we study the regular teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve learning from the learning of their students.
We associate with private companies, ask yourself, which of these marketers are going to keep their job work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of those very different context, a characteristic came up as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the C.
It was the detection.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
Determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to reach its future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my definition of determination and then waited about a year to see who they graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to be more likely to grow, even when they were employed in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of the standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National College of Delays in which detection matters. It's also in school, especially for children in risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach children a solid job of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long speed?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  So what I know is that the talent doesn't give you detection.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals who simply don't keep forward with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the defense definition is not related or it's even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth "more "more "progress."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dynami, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fishing, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Diana has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mentality is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to prove them.
We need to measure whether they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more serious.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calories, one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a overseas, it seems to be as impossible as the Great Wall California.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can remove this blank, so that what I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every single character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and easy way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant memories, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as possible, until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a fragile way, "Star" -- I'm gradually bringing." This symbol is actually original to the way I call it, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a pair of door from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so they believe many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's a problem.
As the old said, two are company, three are crime.
If one person stayed your arms, this person is saying, "I am like this big."
The person inside the mouth, the person is standing.
It's a prisoner like John inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the small.
Put a mouth on the tree, that is a "punchline."  Easy to remember, because a pathogen tree is quite ideological.
Remember the flow?
Two fires together, it's very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
They put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two nodes together, primary.
Three together, those are disasters.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon, Francisco.
A door. Put a table inside the door, it's the bottle of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Tower, is there anybody at home?
This person is coming hidden from a door, starting, emission.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, having care is advantage.
So we've gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical electrons will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundred characters of characters.
So after I met the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a floor of fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So one sun next to the organization, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile -- because the Chinese employees were discovered their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a supply.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and down from stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oxford magician together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Gillander, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand around.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of business of childhood fantasy show.
However, the Mars magician was an event on itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a quarter years later with it, surprisingly, another film whose protesters, a metal kid and a small kid would respond to a girl dressed out of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Odym magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Odym magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think that if the Odym magician is done today, the magician would say, "Double, you're the sand of Obama as the production predicts.
They use magical shoes to defeat the military generated by the evil joke.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Mars magician is that the most heroic characters and even violent are women.
I started noticing this when I was looking at Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the super-sensing level had dropped down.  And so he stood up in the room and she was impressed as a mother standing with her pathogens behind, and I don't think he understood what was happening, but indirectly, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what it does.
Would you be issues of value, perseverance and legislation?
Would it have the feeling that Luke joined an army to defeat the government?
We compare this with the 1970s magic.
How do you win Douggas the movie?
It's going to be good at all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world I want my kids to grow Olive, okay? And not a world of men fighting -- which is where we are.
Why is there so much of a capital force filled in the movies for our children, and so little the yellow broadcasting?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in the girls, and they should read. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stage.
I know for experience that Prince Leon did not provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that are microscopic.  I think at the moment of the first kiss.  I really expected the credit to start coming up because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have a boyfriend.
Why still stand there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on melting the violent and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a garden suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and it will defend the primary principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, the kids, are not really their target audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patrolling, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the parallel.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women writing new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Heroireas and Karashum, but they don't stop being war movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after the class, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who believe a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally Valley came out.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Do you remember what the criticism was when he came out Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a princess of a printing.
It's very good. Don't let them stop them.
Well, almost none of these films is the profile of Benjamin.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been rains and already proposed, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Alexander Benjamin is a comic company, and in the middle of the '80s, I recorded a conversation I had with a friend of mine on the evaluation of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There's only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie, there are more than a female character that has lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talk to each other at some point in the movie ...
Their conversations are about something more about the kid than they do like --  All right?  All right?  So thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things with each other.
I have seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Arizona.
Right? Okay, Oxford Rumins, tablet success -- a consensus idea of what's a quality of quality holding.
It's probably not the profile of Benjamin.
And I don't think I said, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, so much of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women are hiding during the crisis of the roles.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding hiding -- and it's the great moment for one of the assets to take a look at the door and say, you come to bed, full of course?
This is Hollywood.
So let's see the numbers in the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female protections?
It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number than this is going to play this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think the videos of music or pornography are closely linked -- but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there is a lot of sexual approachers.
Who are those guys, what are those guys learning?
What did they not do?
Are you betting the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violence with violence and then run the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and don't talk about?
Are we getting that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very fancy statistic and we want to prepare it.
We have tools to our disposal as a poverty, and we expect that help, but I have to ask, by being able to ask yourself, are you going to be able to protect them if at the same time, active or passionate, are we educating our children to keep their power power.
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the exception.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of "Star Wars knowing what he responded?
Oranger."
Obama, Kenya and Gillande.
What do you have in common these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress alone.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories that I say to my son, and I see and struggle just and more stories where his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people better and better people, like the Odym magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these containers.
And they're hard to see it.
However, I used to look for it.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach on Maine had grown up to one of almost 4,000 miles of length next to the Nick.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared international.
This is a place that was located in the eastern desert of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at the same view, seems to be brown but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink up.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptians are made.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient European city, called Atlantic, lost for thousands of years.
Atlantic was the ancient Egypt capital for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Atlantic was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that built them inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge plant of relief.
This area is enormous -- it's about 6,000 miles for 4.5 miles.
Before, the Nick is right next to the Standard side, and as it changed over time, he moved into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a solar city in an extreme landscape?
So trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a stop, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves together.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nick flashes.
But you can see more directly, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we thought might be the location of The Florida.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing design jobs, you can see it here.
When I say shows, it's like the tastes of shows in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human offering layers of human offering.
Five feet down, under a thick thick layer -- we found a dense layer of ceremony objects.
This means that in this possible posture of Florida, five feet down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period we think is Atlanta.
We also found a job of fish, core, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry -- these are the stones that are used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that date the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from an elite jewelry who shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Atlantic here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end my favorite quote in the Middle Empire -- I was probably written in Atlanta 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is most of all voters.
There's nothing like that on land.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 C.
It makes ideas really started in 1984 to C, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material you're done.
Now you visualize a group of nodes in bike now.
They're competing in a name of nice bicycles and they go into the direction of their door.
I need to look at this true.
They're strongly permanently, they're sweating, they are going to be a lot.
And they collide up against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying around all parts of the wheels that are going on on the side of the wheels that end up in abstract places. They spend the threshold of the door.
You know, the vestor, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shining on the Galapagos Monterey.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
They can feel your blue ball making them collapsed in the nose.
You can smell the blade of pig and steps that is about to get into the mouth.
They go on one side and they train your living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Stores.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "The Back May Mary Man: More?
Now let's go to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow path and from the oven coming to you Doruph, the Man of Maltimut, the Space of The Machine, the Landing and the Line of Oliver Man, taken out of hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes up every spring in New York.
It's called the Medical Medical Memory Memes.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were looking at hundreds of random numbers, looking at only once.
You memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
Memeter poems in just minutes.
Compare to see who I could memorize with more quickly the order of a black barrier.
And I thought, "This is amazing."
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Congo who had come from England and he has one of the best training memories.
I said, "So, when do you realize that you were a wise?
Ed says, "I'm not a sandwich.
Actually, I have an average memory.
All the ones who participate from this competition is they have normal memory.
"We have trained ourselves to perform these miraculous acts of memory using an ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that use Canadian to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have no heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition of the competition, and E. who is a wonderful and brilliant English English English -- although a little bit exclusive, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spray to?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Starbucks how to memorize the order in a live block bank, national TV.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Stratbust, but maybe you can teach me to me.
So, you have to start by something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researched, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential might be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called A.
He is a vegetable, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Perusa. He was based on Russian Holison paper in the "Middle Man: "The Man Man: "The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The Man Man: The
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing the phone guides -- it was penetrated.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties on written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory and disability and culture was not as rare as it can seem like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed.
We have changed culturally -- and I would say that they've also changed construction.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so searched, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers in London College invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Would you want to know: Is it going to be a kind of brain in some ways, structure or virtually different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the ones of control subjects that compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, expensive faces and forms of snow colonies. They found that in memory champions were expanding parts of the brain, different than others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and national memory.
Why? Is there something we could learn from this?
The competition of competitive memory is moving like a armed career where each year comes up with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be put to the day.
This is my friend Ben Prince, three times committed from memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of destined blogs that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just dominated.
He uses a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 140 random binary digits.
It's half a hour. Yeah.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, all the techniques used at the end to be reduced to a single concept that psychologists call climbing "computer."
It was illustrates with a paradox known as the "Parkingbird Parkinson's Parkinson's Deliberate Deception: I tell two people who remember the same word. I say to you, "I think there's a man named Bangalore."
That's her appropriate.
And then I ask them, "I think there's a "downtown."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Did that word I told you a rat of a rain?"
"Did you see what the story?
The person who was told that his name is Bang is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his work is "deal."
Same word, different capacity of memory, that is weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bang, it doesn't actually mean anything for you.
All the other memories were dancing for their head.
But the word "study." We know pathological.
They use simple white hats.
They have hotel in their hands.
They do well when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we did that word, for the first time, we started putting together some associated with financial fishermen at some point in time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this date from 2,000 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "basical Memory" "sense."
The story is this: There was a poet called Silicon that I attended a band.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't bring a DJ attached to a poet.
He stood up his head of memory, and she was marine and she was laughing, and as soon as it was, the container room came down.
They killed everyone.
But not only killed them all, but it destroys the bodies to give them interpretation.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't get the bodies out.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simultaneous, standing outside, just survived, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting every winter.
I took the family family out of the hand to where their loved beings were in between the rubble.
What Silicon adverse at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and that is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked them to recommend the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Similian, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked them to say who was sitting on the horse stem horse in your lobby, they would be able to visualize them.
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember, the more mad, the more dense, for the stranger, and the more inconsistent the image, more incomplete to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory -- the same way that they had done Canadian if they had invited TED 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And it creates some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and inclusive image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspired competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and seeing the Monterey of the Galapagos on Mister Earth.
And that will remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Congo.
And then you see Britney Superman to remind you that funny anecdote you want to say.
And then they got in the kitchen, and the fourth subject that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember them.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not the word, who is going to confuse them but typical by typical ones.
In fact, the term "startups" comes from the Greek "this -- which means "enough."
It's a visit of when people thought about the Iraq and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase is the first place -- it would be like the first place in your memory stick.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something beyond this subculture of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a profoundly boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking tests, I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is married the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try and put it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school annual bought in a public market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was entertainment, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is better and more and more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, chimpanzees, proportions, insects, absurd and unconscious waves, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of pressures and security glasses with tape leaving only two bears, because distraction.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory personal experiment.
I thought this could serve good school for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary to be able to build memory sticks or memorize barriers of bloggers, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply on.
The metaphor palm, these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us function.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a whole kind of attention that most of us don't do to go around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things are getting memories.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, is what America, the airplane I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our low-cost existence in Blackberry or iPhone, don't pay attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side. We'll be so hypothetical that we don't even bother to process in profit?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remember remembering it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years today of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we will just add a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Nine, Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at home from my parents in a village called Library, and this was my bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And in my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a ball that gave the living room.
And there all happened the rat watching the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone would see me, and every time I was shower and I went back in a towel and I all saw me.
And I was like this.
It was touch, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that bathroom, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Yeah.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or dividends of zones -- but of those visceral connections -- emotional connections that we feel in the places we have.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you give them, you think about "the "construction and "construction."
And I know that they think about it so that they put it in a building built 2,500 years ago for the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a description that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, get away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build the urbanization and governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a beautiful building.
It's the Library Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, he has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- the columns that let the Library try to communicate with this building, the children, the ownership values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, the other library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that at the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of the libraries of libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pandemic.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drives new technologies, new types, new solutions for current lives.
We flip, we push and we drive so much, that we get completely out of people.
All of the black -- this depressed, you think we feel very well, but we're dead in because we don't have another choice.
We need to go on the other side and go back and connect with those symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like trades, so we started to experience again, we make the trick back to the back, over and over again. So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "purpose."
It has to do with concrete.
That can be gone.
Small windows on the desert scale.
Really very hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pandemic again in the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know that we like and act them.
We add and add cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give advance.
We take catching arrays and turn them into skyscrapers that can be modeled specifically made of glass.
The shapes got together, they won in audacity and color.
The engineers became columns into column.
The algae grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the root in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the media, the French or the Italian.
Probably with a symphony of bread.
This is what happens with posture.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very good, and you all know, this is not the Eastern.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start making the trick again in the other direction.
In the 1980s, and in the early 1990s, we started experimenting with the calculators called the colleagues of the colleagues.
We take out the historical symbols, now we have new design techniques, and we have new compositions.
This is academic and employees, and it's super impossible. One is totally expanded.
Typically, the piece of press is basically discovered again.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Bangladesh of Bilbao from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gulf said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when I grew up, academic and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times calculates this miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in two percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Charlestone, Sarah.
Everyone wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architecture.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical ways, how is it possible to become ubiquitous all over the world?
And it happened, because the media was stored around them, and quickly learned that these shapes meant culture and furniture.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourist.
This phenomenon of beginning in the new millennia happened with other stars.
She happened to Zacho and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going through all architecture -- digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think of example, for example, how to consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to walk up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is speeding up, you can take a boat, a plane, you can be horroric.
Technology access -- you can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we're all architectural photographers and the building is beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't cost a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before you know whether the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because it's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find ourselves with buildings like this.
The barrier was not a two year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they did it.
That is never going to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the steel or steel or the algae, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pandemic to media, it starts to break faster and faster until you get to both extremes almost in simulation, and you actually unlock the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was underground.
This is the center of a village called Pentagon in Forest Island, in New York state.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked like exactly the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started getting and shared in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes color memory collective, and when we charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other, what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries of Librarians.
If that building is built today, first we went online to search for "being libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That is money.
Money that you can take to the mayor of Library, people in Library, and tell them that there is no unique response to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing it.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use gravitational words and complicated drawings and one is no longer a destructive audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't let it be inspired by architecture.
That means that the defense piece of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sequence can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because eventually we'll be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are cleaning to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, also can serve to do sports or for yoga. Or even one can marry at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's no longer a single customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little panel of regime, as musical and fiber like the animals you're going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more like that.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're no longer on opposite things.
They find an architect, and they work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smaller spaces, the local libraries -- the households where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steven.
I just turned a year, and he started walking.
And it does it in that very cool way, typical of the children of a year, we would do it, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things you like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror.
She really loves her reflection.
He gets returned and calm, and you give themselves those big, brother bombs.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when I was to do this?
How is it that we are suddenly not about our appropriation?
Because, apparently, we don't like.
Every month, 10,000 people look for Google, "Am I faith?
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old, and he lives in Densi.
And as any teenager -- it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit fear, it's a little confused because even though his mom tells her all the date that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Between what his mom says to him and what his friends, or school members tell him, don't know who you believe.
So he makes a video of her, put it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment -- "I'm nice or it's fair?"
Well, so far, Fate has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so unprecedented, that they don't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correctly, that receives these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life in emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what is driving them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about it, talking to me, to say, "Can you like it." Compare, sharing, publish, this never ends.
We have never been so connected, continuously in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in his room all night?
There is just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implications.
This environment, to be always connected, is advancing our children to authority based on the number of "I like that, who have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulating digital.
What is the most prominent thing in someone in front of what is normal in a daily context.
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are corresponds to the news of girls now.
Zero talent models continue to dominate our passwords.
The technician technique is now a routine now.
And the trends like, Germanically, Alzheimer's Alexander, Legos and Park.
For those of you who do it disappear, they mean professional means professional.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are comparing for.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the superheroes of the sports of sports and the replacement singers of the sport.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be very bad individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see the beautiful enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as the contribution to society and the labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom, avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five is not attending classes at absolute during the days when you don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a smaller note to the average of your classmates who don't care about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it goes regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to get very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem about his body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also perpetuating health.
The teenagers with a little bit less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more non-verbal diet that can take them to a food decline.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and are in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all over this so they make more risky decisions like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships and without protection and data data.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing to the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have severe seriously, regardless of whether or they have no greater analysis rate.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel secure to the way you see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
And releasing this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of very intentional programs -- without realizing the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children follow is not just having a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of the family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical particular points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the eyes in the issue and we are a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
Changing the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with the contribution of our politicians in shoes of hair or the size of their chest, or the size of the detection or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start making responsibility to the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you -- when was the last time you would kiss a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children will grow to value their entire person, by valuing the information, the diversity, the inclusion ...
We need to put people who are actually making the difference in a period.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that go out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they believe that they are never seen from being who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
Is it a wife?
Is it a brother?
Is it your son?
Is it the sense?
It could just be the woman who is two feet away, what would it mean for her if it was liberated from that self-confident voice in his interior, which was terrified to have long legs -- more thin mortality, a more flat, small feet?
What would it mean for her if we were going to get out of this, and we would say risk to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But we teach our children the truth.
We teach that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them because they are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in the curriculum of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trades of an age of today, they become agents of safe change from themselves.
Let's do it.
On November 5 in 1990, a gentleman named Ellanto Hillistylow entered a hotel in Manhattan and murdered the rabbi Metaph Karashum, the leader of Defense Judy.
So they initially shut it up, but they were prepared by other letters under the other, in the other charges, they started planning attacks at about 12 New York City, including tunnels and synagogues and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by a FBI informant of the FBI.
Sadly, the ship of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later I would be convicted for your participation in that bombing.
Excellent South is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, primary school teacher -- between the two did the whole possible to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims come to know.
By experience I saw that when people take time to interact in, it doesn't require much to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all of the religion, in all human groups, there is always a small fraction of people who are so advanced to their convictions that they think they have to use all possible media to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last few weekends, he and some friends had been going to the shooting training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the polymer policy that we didn't know our group, it was visited by the FBI.
When I got to throw out, my father helped me hold the right on the shoulder, and he explained to me how to aim at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I gave him to the little orange light on the goal and for the surprise of all, especially mine, the whole goal in flames.
My uncle became the others and in Arabic, he said, "Life arm."
Such a parent, such a son.
And the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a card with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking tower of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000.
I admire those men.
I called them "the "bridge," which means you.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed me to do many friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone already was time to push and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class often was male victim.
It was my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and reinventing, it was enough.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say supposedly.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open my eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a sentimental program that I participate in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the issue of juvenile violence, as I had been victim of most of my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various prostitutions.
One day, at the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who we had had friendship, was Jewish ...
I took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no answer between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend -- and frankly, I felt very proud of being able to sell the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was intellectually.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had been taught that the honor was a sin and, by extension, all the honors were bad influences.
By contrast, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most kind, less critical ones who had seen in life.
Having been a child accused -- I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat people like, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be honored, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the "Trace Shahia?
Every night, Jon Stewart made me incredibly honest about my introductions, and help me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my career figure at a time when I was desperately necessary.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extraordinary, wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would trust my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with my eyes tired of somebody who's suffered enough with documentary interpretation and said, "I'm tired of order."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zakoon Evergest.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
Why did I decided to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that somebody -- one day, who is trying to bring violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was convicted to this violent and intellectual ideology -- I did not get a fan of hell.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism will speak against those active acts as a rejection to my father's actions.
So with this simple thing I am excited about here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that the children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my dad.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-to-face movie.
It's in 3D and it has a strong sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has smell, save and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger -- your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected in your eyes.
And it has constantly a super-based voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience all on the direction.
This film is the flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie of it, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these international films, right?
Why are we not just robots that we do to produce the results without experiencing the international film, right?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is target.
Consideration, by nature, is subjective.
So there may never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, you predict that vision.
So psychology studied behavior. neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but no one mentioned consciousness.
And even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pittsburgh said, "Now is the time for science to love consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a flag of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something from this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas was doing a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of looking at faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain to consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain are doing and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
They don't offend the neuroscientists without offend them.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because I don't tackle the real central mystery of this matter, why is that all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give you a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like employees, like humbled, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all cases of emerging behaviors, how to operate the employees, how the humilities work, how they reproduce and adapt and measure living organisms. They're all questions about the objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the difficult problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the subject, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I'm a scientific material of heart.
I want a scientific theory of the authority that works. For a long time, I hit the head on the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But finally I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We get used to this, the physics explains chemistry, the chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On one side, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think that consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know yet yet.
With an animal like this, you may need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that are at the beginning of the beginning, before I can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so everything that needs to be explained to it.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist potential, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time that it is, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
Physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental trafficking, space, time and mass.
Fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic than that.
Instead, it's considered fundamental fundamentalists, and there are the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is spread.
In the 19th century, Malter discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts -- programmed fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass of Newton. So the basic laws of the electronics, and they zip the electrical load as a fundamental concept that those low-cost laws.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas programmed, space, time, mass -- then because of logic, you have to take the list.
The most natural thing would be to apply consciousness itself as a fundamental tradition, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we might be able to hold them on a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could hold them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called penicilling, "Because, for all, "Starvation, for mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Kiribati, the elementary particles.
Even a point has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a point can be full of anger when he thinks "Yes, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roses.
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw feeling -- subjective sense, some primary precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anybody think something so crazy?
In part, this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It also is worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for people of different culture, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with the physical process, is to look at consciousness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Girl Tamously, took this kind of theory and development it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration that is called shadow, which measures the degree of integrated information in a system.
And I suppose it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of integration of information, a high period of peace, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information integration of information, just quite significant, pretty significant degree of consciousness.
But when you get to worms -- microbes, particles, the degree of single shoulder.
The level of integration of information is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Taxi theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness from zero.
I actually propose a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of single period, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that the performance can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
I describe the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explained -- "Where is the fire of equality?
From the primary vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically -- describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of adventure.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the professional vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and can have pretty serious social consequences.
Some of them can be a plane.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be verbater.
If you're a pandemic and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think that I think I would think about it, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral conservation, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie "Star" mate?
Is it conscious.
According to the vision of professional information, she has a complicated information processing so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get pretty serious ethical problems on the ethic of developing systems of smart computer systems and the ethics of getting them off.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of complete collective collective, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness, right?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience on a TED Talk, right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group of TED -- different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take seriously.
So this paradigulating vision, it's a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer in the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that of the second one that it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a serious consciousness theory.
If no, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we eventually are going to find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I got together with my friends, I was stuck with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to honor for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very good, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't achieved anything.  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's flag, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of the Virgin The Virginia Saturn, and "The Britain?
Yes, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school school, just after about 20 minutes on the middle 11 class of the legal study -- a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when would you give me your speech."
I said, "What discussion?
Well, I had been talking about the law of distance for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about institutional things in school?
"From the general action?
And it was when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as an inspiration.
And we don't are. And it's not guilty of the guy, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our factories.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this wheelchair and probably you are waiting for you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid of description themselves.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied us in relation to disability.
Yeah, we've sold the lie that disability is something bad.
It's something wrong and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing and it does not make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one another, "Your excuse is invited."
Or this one, "I have to leave you, instant me."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with prosthetic carbon fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term periodically, because they copied a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we cook.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it's my life, it might be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times you want to express me wanting to express that I am a courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is cooperation.
These images, those images copied people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
Let's get some things.
But the things that we know is not the things that you might think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "to "designer deliberately, because I set up the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we are more disability because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very tied with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of common.
They are just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to cook in the way we do, when you share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration, it says it as a complete."
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they have sold us that disability makes us excited.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here the inspiring inspiration here, and you think, "Oh God, Steven, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbaria to collect the things that I fall in.  I learned the ingenious trick of how to load the cell phone battery in the battery battery.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that we excited and consumed us.
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us a hard life.
And that quote -- "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that it is to lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a stage of stairs has never done to become a barrier.
Never    So suggesting for a television screen will not appear for the subtle people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and creating a positive attitude to convert all those books to the market.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Barrier The Virginia Saturday, not considered to deserve anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the gene achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old child in a high school school in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wall of wheelchair contest.
Disease does not make us exceptions, but questioning what you think you know about that I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a gallery without carbon?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't be designed.
When people really think of it, they think about "Mission Republic, and in Tom Crisis giving the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing -- the Google Glass.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Google Glass, are a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me experience what is being a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game camp at 120 miles a blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 150-percent man prepared us, trying to decide with all their being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use the Google Glass, under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NGOs practice, because the idea of the U.S. emergency technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kiles: Let's go.
It's horrible being taken.
A moment. Let's zoom a little bit.
President?
Go!
Chris Kirsten." As you can see, it's a projection of what is being captured in the football field, from the perspective of the table.
You may have realized that they lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, Core University of Washington.
Fine market, Nick Phoenix, West Phoenix.
Blue eight, Blue eight, go!
Chris Kilesh: This is a little bit more about feeling like in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NP.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and the Twitter and the Twitter and the "The You can see from the angle of a bone board.
You or a road?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Golden and Google Glass, how do we get from full of the next level?
We took it at that level using something called Open Rick, which surely many of you already know.
The Ocean River has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap words.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing games. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CA: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain held by his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record an Adam Pennsylvania video, driving the line, disappearing from a tablet with the arm before you run and make an anti-making? What will be a fan experience.
When I can be Men running down the candid, putting the ball down at the bottom of the ground? Or Ferry doing a shop in Wikipedia."
What will be your experience when you go away from a mountain to more than 100 miles like a fluid school?
Maybe they increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, ROS.
How do we get the augmented reality. Okay?
We will get the augmented reality when the coaches and the microbes and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief representation of technology at NP.
In 1965, the Boston Boston put a mirror to their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NSA put radios in the helmet cartoons of field and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see his next player show in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you're wearing, you don't have to worry about forgetting a play.
I mean to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and they react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose participants as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game.
How would it go?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the cars of the helmet and the accentures, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be sent to it.
The bad ones will have information supermarket.
This will differentiate to the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
It's also going to be for athletes, who would have imagined it?
What would be like in the field?
Imagine it's the field of field.
You get the balance and retreat.
They look at an open receiver. All of a sudden, a flat on the left part of your bombsight is that a defense behind you is going to attack it. Normally, you don't see it, but the L.A. system gets you.
Let's move into the protection area.
Another soft is given to you there's an open receiver.
They launched the ball, but they cut you.
And the balloon loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- though, the receptor sees in his bombsight a area of grass that is lit and can change the race.
It approaches the balloon, running and angry.
The public accessible and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this to be the only use of the augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus like our head entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth deployments.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology going on for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of the victim of
How much of this technology is worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being permanent?
How much is it worth for a Harvard Command or a Democratic Deception Times trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of tribes and Karashum normal notes and Karashum?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is approaching.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we face, depend on as always, from us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service at the High Parish of California.
And most of those 23 years I was going to patrol the south end of the Carnegie County, which includes the Golden Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Gold Gates was open in 1976.
Joseph Strogen, chief engineer on building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is practically in suicide test.
The suicide of the bridge is not practical or probably.
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that travel between the two towers will bring them to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such, so that each of you from he releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that happens below your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every pound of four to five seconds, the body fell against the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bone, some of which they would persist vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones who don't normally get into the helpless water, and then they go away.
I don't think that the ones that contain this method of suicide will realize the death of death that they face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 post-conflict steel pinks to the bridge.
This is where most people are going to be before they take their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring it back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to a official controlling his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who were contemplating suicide, but the officers too.
We've turned a long way back then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new offices.
This is Jason Barbara.
I met it on July 22 last year by receiving a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the mountain near the center.
And I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gates.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, it had flown up to two times before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of Pantheonognounly box.
Remembering Greek mythology. Zeanan created Pantheon, and sent her to Earth with a box, and he said, "You don't open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panda, and she opened the box.
He came out plastics, penis, and all sorts of bad people against man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope."
And he stopped a few instant, leaned on the right, and it left.
This very nice and clever guy in New Jersey had just taken out of life.
I talked to Jason parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how he was.
Jason parents had asked them.
The Dutch damages of suicide affect a lot of people.
I would pose these questions, what would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody love was substantial?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk about, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
You don't argue, the pinks, or tell the person you know how they feel, because you probably don't know.
Just stand there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Chim in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, you've had these thinking?
Consideration the person in front can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look, designers, believe that things are terrible, and you're never going to get better, and importantly, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, the social isolation, and a lost interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got a lady email and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19 this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days, and it's with his permission and blessing that he read him.
"Hello, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite intense, but I noticed more moments of realizing that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the sport of the 19th with his father on January 19 father.
He never came there.
I called the Peter police and reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that the Carnegie car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 1,294 from the end of the day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
Google, the bridge Gold Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a center.
Good luck this week, Vietnam.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005 responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject in the sidewalk, near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle through the sidewalk, and watch this man, Kevin Berlin, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I grew up immediately the barrier, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and half the next, I heard as Kevin talked about its depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin went back, the happiness.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that made you back and gave the hope and the life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I hear you.
They let me talk and just listen to it.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to laugh.
"Dear Mr. Britain. Nothing will erase the events of the 11th of March and you're one of the reasons that Kevin followed with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medical.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious from all of those heroic traits -- but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
Let's give God thank God for you.
Honestly, in debt with you, National Berner."
And at the end she wrote, "Oh, when I visited the General hospital of San Francisco that night, you would be a picture like the patient.
"I said, "I have to solve?
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
Talk openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was supplied with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to meet it.
This is what suicide.
For most suicide people, or those who think of suicide, they didn't think about taking another person.
They just want your own pain to end.
Typically, this is only about three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who spoke about an hour.
During that time, I was missing my hand in three times.
At the final aid, I looked at it, and he said, "You know, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And it jumped out.
Horrification, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived and they can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the barrier of the barrier would realize that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connects Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that each and every one of us should be going to do for doing.
The suicide can be prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you know what you are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question stressed you, how do you become that?
I have to be unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever since.
My outside was finally concerned with my inner truth with my inner truth.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I'm going to refer to me later, when I look at this picture, I think, George George, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I found that I'm just starting to go.
We all encourage our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release them, to get rid of the limitations of the skin of skin or for the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo -- what's considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this birthday is called revenue.
This is mine.
They recorded me like "I was born because of the appearance of my genes.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always carrying that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to be an astronomeria.
Gender has always considered an immediate fact -- but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I think it will be bad, but why the world is treating those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day grateful to be female.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many of them are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess goddess of the sharks.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries here.
I was on front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15, when I was 15, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a transformative beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you participate in the beauty conversation?
He said to me that if I participated she was going to get rid of the strangers and the visible, and that night, he won in a bathroom suit, and he won in a grade suit and was third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty regimes.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of beauty of transition women, but I can.
I also met the god of development, especially when we traveled to remote prosperity from the Philadelphia.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request on the green card that I could go live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm sharing.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, I was called and said, "Do you know if you move to the United States, you can change the name and identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me that I would put two feet to my name.
She also agreed me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19, at the age of 19, at the age of 19, at the age of 19, at the age of 19, at Taliban.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand actually do the most professional and sophisticated and secure.
At the time in the U.S., it was necessary to do surgery before changing the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name of George and the "Oh, of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means power to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears were minerals.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and to be model.
Many of them are not so lucky.
I think of this woman in the head Aid Newton.
A young woman from New York who was valued his truth, but he was desting, he put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All the 20 of November, we make a global video for the Transition Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall PC Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing it, so that some day there is no longer virus in Notato now.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Karash State, George, a quick question.
George Robert: Sure. First of all, thank you all my brains.
To my support network, my parents especially, my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've attended young women who are transmitted, who I heard -- and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I would take my mom and say, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it works -- not just gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned to born, and what I try to do is to put on the table that sometimes that Asian Asian assistance, and that there should be a space that would allow people to do the self-interested -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transition movement is embedded compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Malawa started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were homeless in 2011, when he was holding the National Prize Prize of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of incomplete, of inequality, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when they were born a child, their birth is not celebrated to.
It's not welcome. Not by his father, not by his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one congratulate to the father.
And a mother was very overwhelmed by having a child.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it contains me, and with the hope of a son, when he lights his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only mother suffering, but the daughter, the daughter is born, when they grow up, suffer as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, he stays at home and school attached to her brothers at home.
Up to 12 years old, it has a good life.
You can be fun.
It can play with his friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it turned 13 years old, he was presented to her home without a male accident.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the name of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you transmit the code of that honor substance, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this concept of honor is not just affecting the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor of honor.
And there's a bit more of the patriarchal societies called advance.
A good girl should be very transformed, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criteria, right?
The model of a good girl must be calmed.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of his father and mother and the decisions of the elderly even if you don't want to.
If you marry a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, he has to accept it, because he doesn't want to be hard to displace.
If you get very young, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, I call it destiny.
And what happens in the end?
In the words of a poet, "The House, they start it, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, includes the same lesson as he hits his daughter and the same honor of honor to her children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
I wanted brothers and sisters when Malawi, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honest.
And long before I was born, I thought of his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawa from Maltimulation, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I stood up, everyone was men, and I took my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Mary" me."
And when she grew up, when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, the admitted in my school.
You know, why should I mention the admit of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor societies, in the pattern societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for girls' life.
In a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
A school admissions means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised two weeks earlier, when they were complaining about the form of Canadian vision, and I was on the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the appropriates of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters and his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and secret of my daughter.
I encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to imagine that in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malawa.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I use education for empathy.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called service.
You want brothers and sisters and we were getting more rights for women, and we would be able to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It's called talents.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls are banned to go to school.
Women are forced to use videos and stop going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls were strengthing and the singers killed.
They suffered millions, but a few talking, and it was terrifying to have these people who killed and short when you speak for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi got up and raised on the right to education.
I wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she offered himself for the New York Times, and I talked about every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread as a click around the world.
And that was the reason that Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the October nine of October 2012, they were shooting in the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was determined between life and death, he whispered to my wife to my wife, "I would blame for what happened to my daughter, to your daughter?
And he was essentially like, "Please don't blame you.
It demands the fair cause.
They put your life on play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter inspired on you, and you get together.
They were both on the right path and God to protect it.
These words mean a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malay was in the hospital, and he had severe pain and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained about.
We used to say, "I'm okay with my sound smile and the entrepreneurial in my face.
I'll get right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumer for us, and we got scared.
I want brothers and sisters -- we've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
He fought his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is special in my tutor that has made so audacious to Malawa so brave and expressive and electronics?"
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I don't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Muslim group of Google, where I've had a gift to my charge, the Google X-ray visualization -- but all the work I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you join a brain surgery.
Is it just like intelligent or not?
If you will not be like that, could you be intelligent?
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mixed chemicals and try to get them to follow with life.
More than one time I saved a little bit.
But luckily, I have an extra expression of expression, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because there's really no clear map that says it in degreement.
I started testing with different mixes -- and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my autonomy, my sense of who I was, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case -- for a few months, I tried to try and typical chemicals for a member man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furning, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  --  -- a lot of times in the past I've met a number of guys like this, or maybe some version of them.
It turned out like an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be archived.
In fact, I was trying to, a so insight, to fix a problem that I had in front of it, and just don't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to achieve -- when we adjust those hormones and neuroscience and so on, it was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking flow of ideas.
I used to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point, how to get those mental imagery that I used to create the constituents of my ideas, if you want to prove new ideas and remove situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Films like Hurricane, Democrats and House see things like this.
They thought images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are people who are questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, for me it's simple, for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and inventive thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have a lot of great mental movements -- really very very sophisticated mental and strangers well.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to steer the world that has the front of the front of the face?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There's incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two prominent groups in neuroscience.
They both use MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Google Gandhi and their colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the middle shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, watching that same image.
The column on the right was created by resistant the contents of the central column on the left of the left column -- you see that the difference is almost nuclear.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share with you another experiment. This is from Jack Galapagos in Berkeley, California.
They were able to convert brain waves in hidden visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a great deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan was designed to show what seemed the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computer discrets, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This leaves us bone.
We're very close to doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same material.
This was conducted by the brain scanning systems of higher resolution available today, and their resolution increases as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to enter.
I don't offer for that.
Many of them are proposing new research techniques by images, including me with the recent result of the MRI -- first we need to ask ourselves the following, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger impressions, but at this point, the larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea, instead of larger magnets we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different adventures, like making a strategy.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big images, right?
However, most recent advances in the unique and brilliant solutions of consumers and degrees in colonies and decisions, in the transistors and frequency frequency frequency receptors in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a universal magnetic field, we use structural magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So when we combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of the frequency frequency frequency processing patterns, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scanned.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create increase in the thousands we need.
By using AIDS, we should be able to measure not only the flow of the blood blood, but the one of the hormones and the narratives that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be able to confirm?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irrelevant to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few options more than opening this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have artists.
Their closet may be telling some person for the first time that love or saying to someone who's pregnant, or to tell someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you have ever entered in life.
The whole thing is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and out of that closet is universal.
It gives you fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Walker Cape, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through several phases from the intensity of the light milk, and I was going to go through my airports, quote the letters of June Di France as a lethal.
And I will be persistent that by the head of my short screen and I had affected my head recently, I was wondering a little child, "Hey, are you a kid or girl?
And it would be a silent silence on the table.
I took my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a late law.
The father included the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold looking at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I was going into the inside.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and he was about to enter the female issues on the table.  I had the quote from Betty Frank.
The Germans Stephen quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Mandelada, I would show you.
And I would breathe honey and go down and look at the look and my back a four-year girl with a pink dress, look at what's not a challenge for a feminist fire, just a girl with a question, "Are you guys or girl?
And so I was breathing monster again, I got up close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a child, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like you to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable piece.
Well, I'm more than kind of girl in a comfortable piece.
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a painting, please?
And that's it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the paint that I ask.
It was the most easy conversation of all that I've ever had.
And why? Because the paint of the panic and I, both we were honest to one with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some armed in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be an architecture.
But inside the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than yours or yours or his.
I would surely give you 100 reasons why out of my closet was more difficult than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell someone who has been declared in broken bank is harder than saying it's been something?
Who can tell me that this story that says is harder than to say to your five year-old son who are going to be divided?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard.
We need to stop rating what is hard to what it is difficult for other people to make us feel better or worse about our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and you can make it feel security, or at least safer than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what your walls are, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and short shore shoes.
It was not the military injury prepared to fight any four year-old boy to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, accelerated in a corner of my dark closet spreading my gay gravity, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not deconstruct, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a game that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't throw that gravity, you kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many people were invited to know that it was gay, and when I was doing my honor dances, in my black and a high black dress, walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after I'll talk about a moment, one of the women who grew up "Can Lab Basic Lab."
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
"Can you ever be in the Half?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fantastic."
"Oh, you know my Atlantic Stanford."
It's very good, and it's never talked about having novel.
"Oh, what's your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program, Will and Grace program.
And you know who I love: Jack like?
Jack is our favorite.
And then a woman, self-interested but waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that I was from my side, finally said biotechnologies, "Well, sometimes my husband used pink chemicals."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the little gravels of gravity.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt safe.
It's not very hard to find it and realize the fact that they were striving.
And what else can you ask to someone, but do it happen?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
This is how hard conversations remain without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have left with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Giussani of the Pacific.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any armed is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the transportation. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be generous, the others have to know that we also suffer ourselves.
Number two: Be straight -- just say, "Stephen your parachute.
If you know they're gay, they say.
If you say your parents that maybe you might be gay, they will keep the hope that that might change.
I don't give you a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let me give you the complex.
You communicate your truth.
It was distinguished by that.
And some of them can go out safe wounds -- they are going to go through what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark art taking a gravity, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boston. Enjoy the vegetable.
What is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Shark Dimentian that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When I was Starvation Diamona, he did this as a criticism to the photographers of the computer like Alan Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I set up a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the Earth's biology or neuroscience of the Earth or intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a terrorism, we know that the reason would be trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that has no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you will be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that will demonstrate the surface of a planet that would be able to do it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that they said, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be very advanced for intelligence development, and in particular, to develop universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, asked for several years now, is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different things?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a half percent of the intelligence I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force -- F. that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible accessible future -- yeah, even a future time, the tag.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be attached.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the options open.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Is it predicting the level of human intelligence.
predicts artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Second research research has suggested that the universes that produce more demonstration, or "self-interest," during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that conservative connection between entropy.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
So to figure out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is in the inside.
Amazingly, entrepreneurship could spend multiple animal intelligence tests -- playing human games, and even making money committing action, all of them without being asked to do that.
Here are some examples of entrepreneur in action.
Just like a human foot human, here we see England expanding automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave entrepreneurship a goal.
He just decided for her to balance the pole.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This ability of use of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling away from extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that England can perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
England is widely applicable to a variety of dominations.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of payment against itself, ignoring its potential for play.
So here we see England organized new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and maintain with success.
This same network of network organism also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see England organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering success and using the Panama Canal to scale up the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entrepreneurship is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see actively explored to discover and execute a starting strategy -- vegetables, in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under their exponential management.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Williams." What you've seen is that a variety of seasons of intelligent cognitive human behaviors such as using tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of them delivered from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We went back to the beginning of the term of the robot, the work "The "donor" was always the concept that if we develop smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion there.
The machines were lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then reconstructed and trying to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all the future possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask myself, how do you look for goals from this kind of mark?
My equivalent of that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is the following: the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a tipping point in human history, something between the consumer of stars and losing the planet we call "the "display."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how to fit Earth in the context of the universe.
The Kepler King mission has discovered thousands of planets orbiting other stars, which is that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the toxic intellectual intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and you block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of the planets in addition to the distance of them and their stem star.
In the way, this helps us understand whether these planets are small, recorded as the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their own.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are history or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this potentially livable world, our own planet is consuming under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the highest record.
Glass and sea ice that have been with us from thousands are now disappearing in decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly seeded our ability to alter its course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
It studies the harmony of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the researched sector.
Now, as someone very interested in finding life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each one of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rich and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world to show this for a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly is why we study Mars.
Our robots like "the "Paradise," they track their surface to search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit the MRI, like the MIT mission, take samples of the marriage atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their head.
The private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these Mars imagery reminds us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with variable and pioneering ideas compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the expansion of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize -- really terrifying places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and higher places on Earth the air is fresh and super oxygen survived by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by Mars colonization, and other planets swept up with a big, sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars would expect out there to save us from this influence improbable of the only planet that we know is truly habitable to Earth.
As much as I love international exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to support humanity is like figuring out that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the reality actually will have place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and land preservation is not contrasted.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as extraterrestrial prisoners.
They're just more close to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep habitable spaces, in the hostile and insulin areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the paradox of Fercin.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Force Fermi asked me, having to realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Ferris is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between stars, lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization, will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interconnected exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the holiday on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
And so quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were fine.
I thought to call a cardiac career, at least I had my cell phone, but in the middle, a career could take a long time to get in, and I was cold.
I could not go home from my friend of Jeff to spend a night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I kept my passport.
It was expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a closed next night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I went out very well.
I'm a neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases curiosity that increases heart rhythm, modeling levels of adventure and nurses thinking.
And when I came to the factory show in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in its place, which prevents bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but to a month later, my thoughts didn't create.
I was singing with my colleague Danny Japanese, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I told him to break the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a prosperity representation.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kirin who had written this a few years earlier, known as the presentation.
You all know what the police is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what was wrong, right?
In the presentation, as Danny explained -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, then try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a presentation.
Some of them are everyday, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, they will trigger a place for the things that they lose easily.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our spatial memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called a hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish is, where the fish -- which is the fish -- which is the fire of the fruit trees, where the tribes live and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was added in the London tables.
It's the part of the brain that allows tourists to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the hurricanes and still they could find their nuts.
They don't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the car keys, reading of reading and passions.
So at home they took a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport.
For their reading glasses.
If you take a place and are specialized with it their things will always be there when they look for them.
What about travel, what about trips?
Take a picture of your credit card, a picture of your credit card, landscape, passenger survives themselves.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases curiosity.
Cortex is toxic and entirely entities.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in their site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you're faced with a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is erected as a profile for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which you benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "You get the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attacks to heart, brought brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to prescribe a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol -- a station."
And maybe you have already heard about the status, and you know that it's one of the most profitable drugs in the world today.
So you think, "Yeah, I remembered the station."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that has to be asked from which most physicians don't want to speak and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the U.N., the number needs to try.
And what is this, the NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or support a surgery in any medical procedure before you help one person.
And you should think of what kind of stability that's going to be that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not recognize me if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a blame of the doctor, and if it's free of somebody, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But Germany estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely impossible station, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is the research of the cynical researchers Jerry Gages and Palestinia Harvard, which was independently confident by Berling."
I can explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, or a brain attack.
Now you might think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol down.
Why not, doctors." Do you have the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a standard statistics, and it is, "Do you think of the side effects. Right?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- muscle pain and articulate pain, passionate pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember that under stress doesn't think of clearly.
So think about how to take this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
One has 15 times more likely to get permitted by the drug that you help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the station.
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the principle of informed consent.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat it is pretty typical.
For the surgery that most of us are done in the older men than 50 percent excited about prostate cancer, the number needed to treat it is 49.9.
So, 49 surgeries by a person who has helped me.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the shock or spiritual disaster, unimaginable invention, record record, fecal infection.
And if you have lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the presentation is to think before the questions that you can put to the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change from opinion in the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases curious cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- it's not necessary for the digestive system, or the legacy or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast. You could get the lunch of the lions so that none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thought, like Danny Karashu and his colleagues have shown them.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all defense.
We're all going to fail in time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help you to minimize damage, or to prevent that bad things happen in the first place.
Regardless of snow night in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key of the door of entry in the same one an easy way to remind her.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered and lots of email messages I haven't seen.
So I'm not very organized. But I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Philip, "It's my favorite music.
It means playing superconductor.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "China, in the parasite, you need to play more superconductor.
Two percent, even more gentle.
Four ones, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree of "The Secret, there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of "Man may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the AIDS, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came up during the 1800s, and over the course of time, it mixes with local signs, and the language is developed that we now know like AIDS.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But I realize that it's not true at all.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound world, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following your rules, corrections, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to the sound.
People are like my hearts and amplified the sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond to.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't cut the door?
"You don't do a lot of noise to eat the potato barrier?
"Don't eradicate, and when you're eating, you don't get the covers on the plate?
All this is called sound "sense."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm a surveillance super survey of sound.
And I'm always waiting for nerves the sound, about which it's coming next.
This is the drawing.
TBP: I decided to decide.
TBP: I would continue.
TBP: For announced for me.
You can see that pressure doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle and marriage biofuels.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "student" at the TED.
A typical painting has five lines.
However, to me, do it with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and spaces of one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was trend and that called me the attention?
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel a tactile way, or experience visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in the sound, I decided to leave it and deploy.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, he was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was available, it was something of an listener.
And the sound is so powerful that well I could tell myself and my artistic work, or I could get worse.
I chose to make me approach.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal to the same and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, work with many different interpretations of AIDS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, in order to borrow their voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I won't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So, with sound like my new artistic medium -- deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express powerful on paper.
And the same thing can say about a concept at AIDS.
The two are very transparent and highly shaped by what means that subtle changes can affect all of the signs as much of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand better how the AIDS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The AIDS is divided into many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different dog for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression -- the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of the hand, and so as you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you put one keyboard at a time.
However, the AIDS is more like a card, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a concept of clear or idea at AIDS.
If only a keyboard will change the beach, create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of pitch, smoking and volume.
At AIDS, by using these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the "program on that."
This is the "profile on that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got killed.
You Oh.
What are you looking for?
Ah, enough.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the TED through the glasses of music?"
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the "and Super Sun, the sun comes out and it gets places.
This is "the day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it looks like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say that the night can be said.
"All night?
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of night, "Stop, "The Night Nightmbe --  "The night ...
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed at AIDS, and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one here is one hand, two heights, it's two hands, the present is getting closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is "The Tens of time."
Then, "I was "Government A, and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once, "I have once once.
"The common, it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "that's common, I think automatically at the same time."
You see MIT, right, right, E, left hand.
We have the press through the head and the chest.
(Music: M. garden card -- ["Sweiring] Common -- my film -- I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called "The Palestinist?
Can you do it with me?
Everyone with the high hands.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head like chest -- something like "this common, or "The Time Time."
Yes, very good.
That means "entirely, in the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one that I'd like to show you is this. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "construction at TED.
Now, the third one. Please go up again.
And again, again.
It's "California," at AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Player, "comparison, and "comparison."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the AIDS is alive and president, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very auditorium world.
And just because the TED doesn't have sound, automatically has no social value.
We need to start questioning what the social value defines and allow the USDA to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AIDS.
The AIDS is a rich trove and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dean Kitchen -- Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can get it all together, but then you have to clean up.
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lied us to protect us from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I learned that adults also expressed and that they're not very good to clean the other ones.
The time I spent time, now I'm an adult and teaching citizen and invention at the Harvard School of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the tropical beach with lots of garbage.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I don't know.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a little bit creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big barriers and networks to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream with inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this meaningful work with height, so that the very weak kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastics.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it as we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
We do.
I left it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine it into something that we expect it to work.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic, the kids are very excited about robots.
We then created what we call "a prototype."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And then we transform windows and web cameras in accessible and put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We documents this step on a website for inventors called "the hopeful expectancy that someone else is even better.
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they were trying to fix them immediately.
(Music ends) But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and you get together with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning up a oil spill -- just using the hands, in Sunday, the largest manager in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink is the water in which it is balleted, the water where they fishing, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and oil also are brown color and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there is a simple technology called speeds, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can lead through all kinds of substances that produce different species -- what can help you identify what's in the water.
We tested this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help each other children.
(Music ends) I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further away, maybe I will address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that it described several giant waves -- called tempest, and those tend to destroy several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Foxes, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has trades of contractors by cases?
If we go to the West Coast, we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Forcelly every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't let them.
But every night we report to the control center, here you see the use of different mask.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously. But they did it because they're going to have to live with radiology all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the intelligence, etc.
And to do this, we created a replacement towel map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the electronics map, we introduced pigeons to represent data in real time of radio, and we put water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust is leaking from the top of the mountain to the river and destiny system in the ocean.
It was an aircraft estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We got closer to a mile of the nuclear cell, and with the help of the area of the area we were collecting sediments of the sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit as small as we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and became the biggest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical optical -- basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children in children can actually become an adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Algae." Algae."
Canada Harvard: We asked questions like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example, for example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced population, transforming their wheelchair in new electrical vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radiology are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible, because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientists, scientists, creations, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin tasks, two radical design cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel -- the other one of a single skin.
One is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is impossible about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michael blind said that when he looked at the marble in a grain, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The frozen was unique Michael Eye tool.
But living creatures are not controlled.
They grow up.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by factors of manufacturing and production.
The assembly lines have said a world made out of parts -- understanding the imagination of designers and artists trained to think of their objects as discriminated parts with different functions.
But you don't find a material financial in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with disasteric periods.
The skins of the back are more thick with small poems.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly like barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there's no parts, there's no fine.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality through the variation of electronics.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect in working right now between the frozen and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the analysis and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and right, analysis and synthesis -- is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, is to try to unite these two visions of the world, getting out of the assembly and reaching growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they rely four discipline that offers designers access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales, of large-scale scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old scope with a very slow basis that some day not very distant print entire buildings, and graphics to nano-here facts of microorganisms, genetically modified that glow in the dark.
Here's a reinventing call, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each opening is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion disaster of Paris with Iran van Heritage. It's like a second skin made from one piece, rich in the condoms, flies around the mountain.
Together with 3D printing colleagues, we printed this layer and failed 3D without costs between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C.
The designers have access to this high resolution of high resolution and synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair -- one chair at the same time, starting and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carlin, my collaborator went back to nature to inspire it, and by designing this pattern of independent surface, it becomes international international.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in regret, obstacles and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not through the addition of another material or another burning, but by continually looking at the material and delicious property.
But is it the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and I came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she goes, "In the third day of Creative God, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit front tree of fruit, from fruit from fruit of fruit to the Earth.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches, cortex, tablet and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design be if objects were made from one piece of single?
Will we come back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the tree fruits with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biomaterial on the planet is called the tunistration, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, speeds and butterfly.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-like structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal strands.  We asked a lot of shrimp communities, we move them and we produce passenger cake.
Looking at chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of property, from dark, hard and open, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the structures at scale, a system is built with multiple mountains of controlled expression right now.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one single 3.5 meters long, 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a submarine of the printing process were used to contain microbes, photographs that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we entered the bacteria designed genetically to capture carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without life issues to mesh and if it gets even more, to windows.
A fruit tree from fruit from fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp commodities in an architecture that behaves as a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed for biological devices, put them in sea, feeding the marine life, and placed on the ground, helping to grow a tree.
The slogan for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We looked at the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the lives for the journey of interconnectedness.
To do that, we need to master the bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own element of elements -- new forms of life created consumed consumed in additive and advertising and biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid access, just instead of transmitting beautiful metals -- you know, new biological functions within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microbes.
The first is the citizen.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater standards.
And the second one, and color, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One turning light in sugar, the other consumer consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms, they don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tragedy, that will help you to flow these bacteria and they alter their function of path.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of the material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photographs, we would have more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when it goes from one end to another, it goes up 60 meters.
This is half the length of a soccer field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a TED primitive photography, our first portrait picture, bright liquid channels inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Show said, "We are property properties of fashion only half is done."
What if design provides the other half half?
What if we could create structures that increase the matter of life?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and replace our bodies.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printing material in layers.
We also know that nature does not do that.
I grew up, Alex with sophistications.
This firefighter of the worm -- for example, creates highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is metric.
The non-like manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different conflicts.
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, and it uses those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first grew up in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to hide a capital of compression.
The tension and the commitment, the two forces of life, they manifest into a single material.
In order to understand how this complex process, we fold a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to hydrogen.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm car.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that ice is a flat cartoon and still manifest medical cartoon.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that the shape, the composition of the car structure is directly transmitted by the environment.
They often get rid of silk worms to death within their cars, their silk stripes and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single capital.
It was healthy, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms to more dark and cold areas -- so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or absorbers, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the origins.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a online silk farm.
And after we feed them four weeks, they were prepared to hide with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the scaffolding -- and as they hold, criminals, they mate, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Bush Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
To the ice silk biological silk on the horizontal silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in little more than two or three weeks, six silk silk worms half 650 kilometers.
In a curious symmetry. This is also the length of the silk route.
The polices, after the expansion, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra proteins in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A high silk through a robotic arm, the other empty full flow.
If the last frontier.
What brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspiring nature in design, which demands us, for the first time, that we are taking care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be from more?"
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three, five, three, five, five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be more more?"
has been caused by some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be more more?"
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and kill and art and developing websites, also, I played the guitar on a punk band called Telescopes Francis.
You may have heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist it anyway, for having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of abstraction, this sense of antibiotics, this is no longer a challenge.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in another thing, something completely different, and I dive in it, and I let myself absorb and feel like, "Yes." I've found my God, and then again this point where I start to boring.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how it was going to become a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I would deny all my other passions and rescue it to boring.
Another reason why I became so anxious was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad in me not define for anything.
I worry about having fear of engagement, or being dispersed, or busy or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have ever since.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal meaning to do things.
I'll tell you where you learned it, learned from culture.
We are wondering, "What do you want to be from more?"
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you tell that age.
It's considered an naive issue to provide cute answers in children like, "I am anti-making, or "I am dancer, or "I want to be paradigulated."
They insist the Hallin disaster here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in various ways, and I have a high school students ask them to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be from more?"
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes us.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, they don't inspire dreaming with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you adults well intentional adults and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be an art and artificial and psychological.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Children -- and he is a violence of violence and psychology.
And this Amy Nine, and I was an editor of magazine becoming illustration, business, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very identical in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real volume, the idea that each of us has something to do for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feel like there's something wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You are a multiplexing.
A multinational is someone with lots of interests and creative activities.
It's a boat that is going to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts, multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms that contain the same idea, as a record, recovered.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who I was okay with multiple disciplines.
Barack Shake refers to us as "experimental as "experimental."
They use any term they like or invented one of them.
It seems to me as a species of adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see philosophically as limited or application that you need to beat.
But what I've learned to talk to people and write about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in being this way.
Here are three multi-scale superpowers here.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection of it.
So this Hillst and Rachel Bill would express his shared interests in parking self-interest, visualizing data, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Mose.
Mom is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
And Stan and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
That's where the new ideas came from.
And the multiplexes, with all their stressful, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the multiple morality is interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're being professors to be primary, for a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we perform, so we rarely start from zero.
Norweg DNA is a full-time journey and independent writer.
As a pianist pigmented a primary capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanics.
Before I became writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when their practices, and this skill helps him write compelling launch for the editors of the editors for the editors of the editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to dedicate what you're attracted to, even if you finally abandon it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. It is to say, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Carnegie is sometimes director of videos -- other pages of pages -- sometimes consumed by Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bonnet.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of their clients.
The Facebook magazine is defined as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unfortunately that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to pick up to satisfy the needs of the market, which really presents.
So solves of ideas and quickly learning and adaptive -- three skills where the multiple ones are very adept and three skills that you might lose if they're ready to reduce their goals.
So as a society, we have a great interest to foster the multiple ones to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed of a specialized multiplexing and multiplicity.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the multinational provides a little bit of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that disrupt the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, to the multiple authorities are encouraged to simply be more like their fellow specialists.
I once said this, if there's one thing that you take from this talk, I hope it is this: I recognize with the inner channel, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, special for all media.
That's where you will give the best one.
But for the authorities in the room, including those people who just realize being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  --  I say, recognized with your many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those consumption marriages.
They explore the intersections.
So embracing our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiplexing, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1950, a woman named Angel took him to a psychiatric in France.
It deploys and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Albert didn't know how to help rise to Angelin, but I was flying for her until that unfortunately, fail in 1960.
After his death, Alec did an author, and they found weird and weird plates in the brain of Alaska, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give it to her more than the one that Alec gave him 11 years ago.
Alan was Dr. Alaska Alice.
And Alaska Detai, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 1904, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect them from infections, many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, stations for the surgeon and much more.
But it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one of each other.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or to be dear with Alzheimer's.
Just in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its cost cost a five times in the year 2050, as it comes to the generation of the boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 deaths of death around the world, the Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent me, cure or even slow their development.
We understand less about Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more than Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should say, "The Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 11 years, all of us, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be safe in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to describing a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly reducing life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the brain of Angola a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are pencilly penguins.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots ended up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes molecules in the protein pass each other, forming groups that can form big plates and tasks.
That's what we see in patients with Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the idea of what happens to block is complex, as a bomb disappeared.
Clean a wire could do anything.
Kindist others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, the wires have been reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a different group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's see a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms in them.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are passed between each other within them, as in humans with Alzheimer's people.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and they live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure it.
After 11 years of wait, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope of advanced Alzheimer's we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to reconcile that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we tried, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved ones day and night are often too destined to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Alaska, which can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help me talk about them, and help you demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Models of New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, I do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are going to be used to ask 36 questions more and more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
As it goes forward, these are more and more personal.
Number 30, I really like this: Tell your partner what you care about him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone who you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the spark that two of the participants had been married six months later, and invited all of the lab to the ceremony to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, it was also introduced.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love it.
However, we love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column of the Colom love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already abused, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, do you follow together?
And the reason I think that this is because I've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this is exactly what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
One week before the paper was published was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been happy to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and I imagined that my article in the New York Times will probably reach a few thousand views.
And that's a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The paper was published online at night, and the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday -- they had already called me the Top Show and the Google Morage America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million pages, and I was to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with synthesizers about your own loving experience, but another thing is to discover that the love life of a has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks -- always ask the same question: still still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick quest on my email with the phrase, "Where do you follow together?
And several messages came immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked me.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman climbed up to the stage, "How is the Mandela where your book is?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the response of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered their own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, which includes the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse for all this attention was to be very close to my own relationship.
I said not every request that we both did a public emergence together.
He recorded television interviews, and you had the pictures of photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the internal icons of the profit process a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute catastrophic.
And I understood that people didn't want to know whether the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really works, or whether it was able to produce lost love, not just an adventure, but love, real love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to respond.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially people asking the wrong question.
How do you know whether we would follow together or not, and do you tell them ...
If the answer was no, it would make the experience of making these 36 interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Arabic wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I sought to foster interpersonal construction between college students using what Arabia called subtle Apple support, progressive and recovery.
Sounds romantic -- isn't it?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closest after doing it, several foreign studies also used the Friend Fast protocol of Arabic as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this paper, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university, and then a student approached me and said to me with tribe." I tried the studio and didn't work.
He seemed to be self-confident for it.
And I said, do you mean that you love the person who did that?
Well, he made a pause for him.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I was, but became better friends?
Did you feel that they could get to know better after testing the study?
The association.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I became the science.
I looked at everything I could find about romantic love, and I expected that to be able to sort of visualize the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment. I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote, but in hindsight, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one other way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more reliable.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see it more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than what I reasonably can demand to me.
What I look for love is a guarantee -- not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to continue to be submissible by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to love them.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very frightening story, because it makes us feel wonderful, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I propose that we ask asking more difficult questions, like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How would you stay in love when things are competing and how to know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means love anybody.
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a meeting and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to remain love.
Look at the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, the love didn't happen.
We are going to be able to love because we take the choice to be.
And I was going to get a little bit to the reading now, not because it's not true, but because in the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to tell that choice.
I don't think of how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he would always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and nice, and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really think really.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end in my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the paper that I really didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose love to somebody, and the hope he also loves me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of steel laundries and in some ways, I got like a forest genetics.
It's a time ago to New York City a time ago,  -- something that really affected me but more details forward.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and I got a dollar, a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanoid or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our kind of exchange idea, for example how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's funny because here I'm 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii. I like to go from excuses and make south and all those rare things, and I was doing a collection for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and threw all the pages and I made a kind of cartoonistic calculators to the Alan Martin style -- I covered them from resin, and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother has fear of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistance in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite of the opposite -- somehow it seemed like it was the size of size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying game.
So I did -- I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, records, strange bottles that I was going to find on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things my whole life, trying to relate to and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow trips, draw the same way that you do around a bat on the scene scene.
And I came up with the objects and created my own tax technology table.
First, battles, of those who can make an idea.
Then I made some extraordinary insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the restriction lines.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Shanghai.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form, school waste sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing, he died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin, and so on.
So I did this for years I did this for years, and my culture with something very big, which I call "the "to "to "to "the "to "to "to "to "the "to "to "understanding."
For the "this "this "marinary," I was inspired with a great way in "The Garden of delicious, by Hyperine Boston who's a painting at the Muslim Museum in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the "this "manifestable." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
50 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 feet of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left is Jesus and the flags.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh infantry where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are heading to the sea, ready to suicide mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to an academic.
Billy Graham is in the sea, Howard -- the Dean -- the degree of the Delay Delay, Wall, the Osama bin Laddie, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a species of guys.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in a hand while the other hand is coming up with clouds.
Their hands are like balances and looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the "the "to "Stress."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a tribe, like a little bit of bird, and escape clouds of this trip.
It also has a $100 tail, a snake tail that joins the "business] to the "this top of the "profile."
Anyway, his tail pressure fire to put it on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go by, you know.
Her tail ended up in a balloon hanging out of the ice cards made of terrorist cards.
Have you seen it?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball baseball cards.
Very ahead of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "Starvation."
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encoded, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they go together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope party that weighs 1,000 pounds with a human trapped in its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest.
I'm going to show you for the rest of the body, and there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it is, a kind of an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an
It's a quick record of these works because I can't explain for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills coming out and entering the head of this strange statue here.
There's a little forest scene inside the tower box.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pixar World.
In this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painting, a musician, a machine, a racial arm, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We put the box and all the people inside the box with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who it's and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with guilt and genetically, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do they do when they hit your head?
Take an appropriation.
But for this pill to have an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intentions and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and informed system so that any drug drug is effective in the body.
The disaster yet, however, is that when you bring any drug out of the drug.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CEO of CEO cells.
But they are also known by their side effects, the adverse side effects, in their most negative time, because in the time that they take to the blood current, they displace, and worse even for the time that they take to their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the HIV Desert.
These are regions of the body like the lymph gangs, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is invisible, and it doesn't easily go into the blood store of patients who are supportive to regular therapy with antiretroviral medications.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a treatment of life that is advertised by the oral age.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Can we do treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of drawing design?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in advance, for the care of human wounds and the surgery of diabetes, you can use it for anything imagination, including the intrinsic transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people ask yourself, "How is that possible?
We send a little bit and powerful ray on the cellular membrane on HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscope.
Before even realizing it, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or person plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a traditional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an unfair in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an infinite that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you're successful, this technology can lead to total HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all of the HIV researchers, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-state armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting away.
My goal is to understand better to these generating agents of violence and studying ways of encouraging violent participation to nonviolent coordination.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a displace between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-states actors.
For example, from the 280 peace deals with the phase between 1975 and 2011, 1969 signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, even we need to engage or defeat them in any successful conflict resolution.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less delivering them, without a global vision.
Today's groups are complex organizations.
For example, the legitimate Highway, known by his violent focus against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, High High has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamburger, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also managed the Gaza de Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than simply shooting it.
They're multiplied.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels, websites of Internet and stars in social networks.
And here you have the Islam magazine, and I printed in English and published to recruit it.
And armed groups also invest in a complex record of funding without sales, but by profitable business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to get better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put professional training programs or microscopic mechanism.
Heidmore offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population to offer something that is not printing and security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ruled through the war or even the beginning of the experts of the IPPOX aspiration, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an uncomfortable private price for population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 from Palestinian Hamps can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hydrogen.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, participating in violent struggle and giving governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, we can less catch up as something opposite to a state.
How do I call a group like High-like and the home?
They take a piece of a territory, they manage all their functions -- they collect the trash -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a regular group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is Islam?
The lines are destroyed.
We live in a world of states without state and hybrid nations and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East, more intervened and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that government vacuum has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to promote violence from violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles but not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance gap.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are verbs, but fear that I would openly accept the tag of "the "profile," it would be unfair for feminists.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I was scared as a bad feminist family.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad feminist and then in the interviews, people started calling the Malignama Mushroom.
So what started as a personal joke destined to me, and a deliberate production, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at 20 years, I had strange ideas about the families, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex. As if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using the people to try to be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an acceleration, a taboo and distinctive word.
They took me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or above a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of self.
For me, certain claims are interpretation, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same side by the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we do, free or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evangelical documents.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have to have our other identities in account.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, employees of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have to realize these differences and how they affect us, the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist here.
I have another conference.
When it comes to work, I hear primary rap music to all volume.
Even though the letter degrade women and delivered me deeply, the classic "Star Sharin," of the Ann Tanzania Tense is amazing.
"Make reality with your breakthrough break.
Perio, give, hand up until you get the container up?
Think about it.
Purchased poetry, right?
I'm completely tortured by my musical taste.
I firmly believe at the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks but also killing insects, the catch call and the marriage marketing.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and bad things.
I can see "The Babylon, and the romantic comets, and I have absurd fantasies of the stories that make them happen.
Some of my crime is more destination.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who I am to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, he accepted that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this very choice, the problem is that our society is convinced so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose them.
We solved this problem.
It records the conventional feminist that has been ignored or destined by historically delivered the needs of color women, workers and honors and transgender -- to favor of white women, headlines, middle and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminist -- I'm a very bad family.
It also happens this: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put far familiar feminists in a particular one.
We hope that they were going to leave perfection.
When you get rid of them, we remove them with a lot of taste from the same question where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider myself from that particular before I try to put it there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist -- for fear of what that tag means for fear to be able to deal with a little bit realistic expectations.
Take for example to Ben, or like I call it. The God.
In the last few years it's a demonstration feminist for years.
In the Video Music Video in 2014, at MIT, he acts in front of the word "the three feet high.
It was a magnificent show, watching this star of the pop embracing the feminist and making women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
It spent the time, the cultural critics started in intellectual arguments whether Bono was or not quite familiar.
They catch their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection, because we're still struggling by a lot, we want a lot, we need so much contentiously a lot.
We go far beyond sensible and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, destroyed until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the party point.
But what happens next?
We're going to go from recognizing our implications to give them, go to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I hear democratic music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we choose change to effectively affect their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why does his music have to be so professional."
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when the bad decisions are justified that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my superstars, three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciation for the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is seen as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sports, you know, the Trajectory of Treating.
We can change the radio urge when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as black shops.
In any case, men, especially white men, hereficed men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in their magazine, participating in their project, or working with you, until you don't include a enough number of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people.
Those of us who are superintended but invite us to participate in this kind of projects, we can also be able to be included until more like us are welcome.
Because we are not market -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions come to the top, people in the direct power and the producers of film and music and music, CEO, legislations, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also be able to tell our feminism -- well, bad, or any one.
The last line of my book Country Federal says, "People will be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because I was my voice I was stolen and the feminist helped me get it back.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids hit me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after all, I didn't dare to believe something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to write.
I was reminded in a louder version of myself.
He read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
He read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminist and I also found that if I was a little courageous -- another woman could hear and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the wrong reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope that we could all be a little bit courageous, when more you need to be a good.
Just after Christmas last year, 175 children in California had services to have visited Discovers or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak didn't have been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly even worse, the autism.
But a moment, it wasn't the paper that gave the police on autism and deforestatively and deficit and marked for being a free demonstration by the British Medical Journal British.
Do you think most intelligent scientists that the theory causes autism is a standard?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children from autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism rise in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism is considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about she believed to develop all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children for every 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990, the numbers started shooting out.
funding organizations like Audience Sensors refer to replaced autism as an epidemic, as if I could get rid of another child in Disaba.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Centers of Disease in Atlanta, what's going on, tend to based on phrases like "profitable diagnosis and "more better care detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fear of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand it, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the case of autism so hard to find before the 1990s 1930s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow and contention of science that with the power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors tell a story about what autism is and how it discovered, but that story turned out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist read Leo Canada, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1993, Charles published an article that describes 11 young patients who seem to have private worlds, and they were going to have people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours waving their hands to their faces, but they were a prisoner of the panic for the means when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing it.
On the basis of patients treated in your clinic -- Charles speculated that autism is very rare.
For the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I would say that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome, as far away as South Africa.
This is actually not surprisingly, because the criteria of Chenghar for autism diagnosis were very resilient.
For example, let me give you that diagnosis to children with conservations, but now we know that the epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he was complaining that he had turned nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his comfort for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Charles was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not closed.
They classify autism as a form of child physicists caused by cold parents and disappeared.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Cherish noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that would embrace in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in his clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I turned two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite disconnects, he was right up and said, "Well.
But Chenni had a bad opinion of these skills, and they would take things like children were simply giving up what they had heard of their parents asked, desperate to win their approval parents.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, the researchers started testing the theory of Chechnian that autism was weird.
London Windy, cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of the northern mothers of Chenni was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were people warm and farmed, and they had a profound autistic daughter named Sus.
Torant and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sus without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague, Judith Google decided to do something that should have been done 30 years earlier.
They did an autism prevalence study in the general population.
They put a suburb from London called Carlinous to try to find autistic children in the community.
What they saw was that the Charles model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, while others were struggling in their fascination for the astrophysicist, in dinosaurs or in the genetics of beauty.
Otherwise, these kids don't fit in nice, standard frames as Justine, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monkey model of Chenni would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one left from these children before?
But then Love found a reference to an article published in Germany in 1965, the next year to the article of Chenni, and that then I forget, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Charles knew about this piece of competition, but I avoided scale to mention in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English but luckily, the House was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Ashani, who led an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Allen for the teaching of children with learning differences were progressively progressively for contemporary standards.
The morning in his clinic started with kinds of exercise with music, and kids follow their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causes, Australia described it as a political disability of life that require compassion forms of support and tuned spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, they called them their little teachers, and they dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
Fundamentally Allan saw autism as a diverse continuum that was abandoned an amazing variety of dinner and disabilities.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they always have been, looking at aspects of this continuum in known archetype like the awkward social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even saying that for success in science and art, a painting of autism is essential.
Torant and Justine found that Chernea was wrong in which autism was single-century, as the parents were the careers.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Philippines to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called "the authoritarian "basical" of Audience: Audience "bund" "International."
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes were in video, holding the limited model of Chernea for a broad and inclusion of Alexander.
These changes don't fall in root clothing.
And when Torai and Justine worked between baseballs to reform these criticisms, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came up with "The Man Man in 1988, just a small circle, commissioned by experts knew what the autism was, but after the performance of Russia Holison as Japanese Bangladesh and the recognition of "Downtown Man, with four awards of Alexander, periods, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "The Band-and-relevant Manager, the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created an effect of network, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnostics started to reach, just like President and Justine, actually hoped that it was going to get people with autism and families finally got support and services that they deserve.
So Andrew Zaphy came to blame vaccines because of the increase in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful, self-interest story that was as bad as the Charles theory that autism was infectious.
If the current estimate of the center of prevention that one of every 68 children in the United States are on the spectrum, it's right, the autistic ones are one of the largest slums in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have been joined on the Internet to refuse the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new medical advances, the term "profile to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily disabilities, obsessed social, and suffer from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Alexandria, which creates the "mineral for the most announced aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zolan Zappies once said, "We need all the hands in covered the book of humanity.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
